INSTRUCTION N0 ID1739
What is the Tau Circle Constant?
CONTEXT N0 ID1739

RESPONSE N0 ID1739
Tau is defined as the ratio of a circle's circumference to its radius.  Some 21st century mathematicians and physicists believe Tau is a better choice than Pi for use in science and mathematics.
Like Pi, Tau is an irrational and transcendental number.  In decimal form, the value of Tau is 6.283185…
Part of the motivation for Tau is the observation that the number 2*Pi or 2π occurs with surprising frequency throughout science and mathematics.  This raises the question of whether Pi is really an important number or something equal to two times Pi is actually more important.  Perhaps the implication is that Pi is exactly one half of some very important number!
Further consideration of the question leads to several compelling observations:
	- Using C/r as the key circle constant is better aligned with the way we define a circle: the set of all points a fixed distance (r) form a give point.
	- Radian angle measurements of fraction of a circle make much more sense when Tau is used as the base constant.  Using Pi, on quarter of a circle is Pi is Pi/2, one half is Pi, and the angle of a a full circle is 2*Pi.  With Tau, the angle measures are intuitively aligned to the fraction of a circle: a quarter circle is Tau/4, a half circle is Tau/2 and the angle of a full circle is Tau.  
	- Similarly, the radian zeroes, max, and min of the sin and cosine functions align to fractions of Tau in an intuitive fashion that aids, rather than confuses, understanding.
	- Key formulas that traditionally use Pi actually show more clear mathematical meaning when expressed using Tau.  For example, the area of a circle itself, when expressed with Tau, shows the same pattern of quadratic forms in distance fallen, spring energy, and kinetic energy.
	- Similarly, the tau-based formula for circular area actually confirms to the original proof by Archimedes showing that area of a circle equals the area of a triangle with base C (circumference) and height r (radius):  A = 1/2 b*h = 1/2 C*r = 1/2 (Tau*r)*r = 1/2 Tau*r^2.
Tau has seen significant adoption since it was originally proposed.  
The relationship between Tau and Pi is very simple.  Tau = 2*Pi.  Perhaps just as informative is the fact that Tau > Pi.
INSTRUCTION N1 ID4999
What type of terrain is a gravel bike used for?
CONTEXT N1 ID4999
A gravel bicycle is a type of bicycle intended for gravel cycling, including gravel racing. They are also sometimes known as "adventure bicycles", particularly ones intended for harsher off-road terrain.
While bicycles have been used for riding on such roads since bicycles were invented, the "modern" gravel bicycle, as a category, evolved in the 2000s, adopting technology from road bicycles, cyclocross bicycles and mountain bikes. They also share many characteristics of touring bicycles, such as relaxed geometry, wide tires and wide-range gearing.
RESPONSE N1 ID4999
Gravel bikes are a do-it-all kind of bike. They are effective on a wide array of terrain, ranging from smooth roads to singletrack trails, but thrive on harsher off-road terrain.
INSTRUCTION N2 ID1015
Classify these vegetables based on their color.
mushroom, spinach, cauliflower, broccoli
CONTEXT N2 ID1015

RESPONSE N2 ID1015
White - cauliflower, mushroom
Green - broccoli, spinach
INSTRUCTION N3 ID11399
What is economics?
CONTEXT N3 ID11399

RESPONSE N3 ID11399
Economics is the study of the ALLOCATION of SCARCE resources to meet UNLIMITED
human wants.
INSTRUCTION N4 ID11081
How to make Indian Lemonade?
CONTEXT N4 ID11081
In India and Pakistan, where it is commonly known as nimbu paani, and in Bangladesh, lemonades may also contain salt and/or ginger juice. Shikanjvi is a traditional lemonade from this region, and can also be flavored with saffron, cumin and other spices.
RESPONSE N4 ID11081
Lemonade is typically made with sugar, lemons and water. The Indian version, commonly known as nimbu paani, is made a bit differently.
Ingredients
- 1 lime's juice
- 2 teaspoons granulated sugar
- 1 teaspoons black salt 
- 1 teaspoon cumin powder (optional) 
- Ice (optional and as needed)
- 1 cup water or sparking water or soda water
Mix ingredient together and stir for 10-15 seconds in a glass
Some tips
- If you don't have granulated sugar, you can use simple syrup
- You may add some crushed mint leaves
INSTRUCTION N5 ID4424
Give me a bulleted list of the fastest way to get from to cross the English Channel in a nonconventional way?
CONTEXT N5 ID4424

RESPONSE N5 ID4424
First, you need to pick the shortest distance to travel across the English Channel.  The Straight of Dover is the narrowest point at only 20 miles wide. This will give you the best chance to complete your crossing quickly. 
Outside of conventional means of transport such as car, train, airplane and boats, you could try the following options: 
Hot air balloon 
Catapult 
Jetpack 
Hovercraft
Submarine
Swimming
INSTRUCTION N6 ID4536
How do you make a beef brisket rub?
CONTEXT N6 ID4536

RESPONSE N6 ID4536
1 1/2 cups of Brown Sugar
1/3 cup or salt
1/4 cup or pepper
1/2 cup or smoked paprika 
1 1/4 tablespoons of garlic powder 
1 tablespoons of onion powder
1 tablespoon of cayenne pepper
1/2 tablespoon of chili powder 
1/2 tablespoon of cumin
1/3 teaspoon of coco powder
INSTRUCTION N7 ID4299
separate the following into chilldrens and adults cartoons.
recess
rugrats
big mouth
swat cats
inside job
popeyes
dexters lab
king of the hill
south park
CONTEXT N7 ID4299

RESPONSE N7 ID4299
childrens cartoons: recess, rugrats, swat cats, popeyes, dexters lab
adult cartoons: big mouth, inside job, king of the hill, south park
INSTRUCTION N8 ID73
Give me five ways in which I can make my homebrew beer more interesting
CONTEXT N8 ID73

RESPONSE N8 ID73
There are infinite ways to create interesting flavours, that are either personal favourites or attempt to replicate classic beers and beer styles. There are a number of factors that make up a beers flavour profile and part of the enjoyment brewing your own beer at home, is that you can play around with each of these to change the flavour and character of your homebrew beer. Here are five ways in which you can change your own homebrew recipe to add interesting flavours or alternatively you can alter an existing homebrew recipe shared by somebody else or a brewery.
1. Use different hops
There is a huge variety of hops available to homebrewers and each of these can introduce its own particular flavour and aroma to your beer, ranging from pineapple and apricots, to pine trees and woods, to grapefruit pith and lemon zest. By using a different hop in your recipe either from the same family or from an entirely different family of hops, you can easily add interesting and often radical changes to the flavour profile of your beer. However, depending on when the hops are added in the brewing process, you can also increase/decrease the levels of bitterness of your beer, due to different hop varieties having different levels of alpha acids.
2. Use a different yeast
Besides fermenting the beer, yeast leave behind lots of interesting flavours and can give your homebrew it's own subtle character. For example, English yeast strains can add malty and sweet flavours, California yeast tends to create a clean and crisp beer, whilst saison yeast adds bright and fruity flavours to your beer.
3. Use different grains
Changing the amount of base malts can increase or decrease the alcohol in your finished beer. Trying swapping one base malt for another, like American pale malts for a British variety, and look for the subtle differences between them. You can also play around with the specialty grains, like using a slightly darker roast.
4. Add fruit, spices or herbs
Fruits, spices, herbs, and other ingredients are a great way to add an entirely personal character to your homebrew. Anything from fresh strawberries and basil to vanilla beans and cardamom can really complement the other malty, hoppy flavours in a beer. 
5. Alter your water profile
Different beer styles will typically be best achieved with a suitable water profile, with different levels of minerals to achieve the desired flavour profile. By adjusting the amounts of specific minerals found in your brewing water, beer can be made to taste fuller bodied, sweeter, drier, more bitter, or even sour.
INSTRUCTION N9 ID10183
Give me a method to poach chicken
CONTEXT N9 ID10183

RESPONSE N9 ID10183
Boneless, skinless chicken breasts
Chicken stock 
1. Place the chicken in a sauce pan on a stove top
2. Add cold chicken stock to the pan so it covers the chicken breast
3. Turn the heat to medium and let the stock come to a gentle boil
4. When the water starts to boil, turn the chicken breast and remove pan from heat
5. Cover pan tightly
6. Check the temperature of the chicken and ensure it reaches 155 F
7. Voila! You are done - slice the chicken and toss it into your favorite salad!
INSTRUCTION N10 ID5928
Which of the following does not fit with the others on the list? Please explain your reasoning.
Galaxy M81
Black Eye Galaxy
Pinwheel Galaxy
Andromeda Galaxy
Sombrero Galaxy
CONTEXT N10 ID5928

RESPONSE N10 ID5928
Of the 5 galaxies on the list, the Sombrero Galaxy is the only one that is not clearly a spiral galaxy. While some sources do describe the Sombrero Galaxy as a spiral galaxy, most acknowledge that it has an usual shape that differs from most spiral galaxies.
INSTRUCTION N11 ID11590
Classify each of the following as either a lepton or a hadron: electron, proton, neutron, pi meson, electron neutrino, muon neutrino, tau neutrino.
CONTEXT N11 ID11590

RESPONSE N11 ID11590
Protons, neutrons and pi mesons are members of the hadron family of particles. Hadrons are particles that interact through the strong force.
Electrons, electron neutrinos, muon neutrinos and tau neutrinos are members of the lepton family. Leptons interact through the weak force, and if charged, the electromagnetic force.
INSTRUCTION N12 ID901
What is data visualisation in the context of business intelligence?
CONTEXT N12 ID901

RESPONSE N12 ID901
Data visualisation in any context is the art and science of organising data in such a way that makes it easily consumable by a human audience. Specifically, in the context of business intelligence, you are typically presenting facts and insights about a business to stakeholders in order for them to take action and make better decisions to run that business. 
Good data visualisation combines user experience design with an understanding of how people interpret data to provide something intuitive and compelling for the intended audience to use. 
Here are some examples of design and interpretation choices you might make:
In terms of design, many cultures write on a page from top to bottom, left to right. This means that the first place on any visualisation that a person from any of these cultures will look is top left. Consequently, the content you put in the top left space of your dashboard should be a critically important part of the story you are trying to tell. In a culture that writes right to left you might put higher-value content on the right-hand side of the visualisation. 
In terms of in terms interpretation you want to key into things that people are naturally good at interpreting. For example, if you are presenting sales by product category and you have 10 product categories you could choose to leverage a bar chart where the length of the bar represents sales or a pie chart where the angle of the slice represents sales. A bar chart would be a better choice because people find it easy to compare the length of a bar. We cannot distinguish between the sizes of a slice with anywhere near the same level of accuracy. Choosing a pie chart would leave your users spending more time and effort interpreting your data visualisation than if you had chosen a bar chart to present the information to them.
INSTRUCTION N13 ID2786
What is 'karma' according to Buddhism?
CONTEXT N13 ID2786

RESPONSE N13 ID2786
Karma is a central and fundamental aspect of Buddhist doctrine common to all traditions of Buddhism. The Buddhist concept of Karma is a natural process that operates with all our volitional actions and which does not need an external agency or power that sits in judgement.
Karma in Buddhism should not be considered as moral justice, or a method of reward and punishment, that needs an external body or authority to decide whom or what should be punished and rewarded. It is believed that Gautama Buddha attained complete insight into how the process of Karma works during the night of his full enlightenment when, through the divine eye (dibbacakku), Buddha saw how other beings die and are reborn in happy and unhappy states according to their Karma.
According to the Cula-kammavibhanga sutta of the Majima Nikava (collection of the middle length discourses of the Buddha), a young brahmin by the name of Subha had approached the Buddha and inquired as to why there was so much inequality among human beings in terms of being short-lived or long-lived, sickly or healthy, ugly or beautiful, powerful or powerless, poor or rich, low-born or high-born, ignorant or intelligent, etc. Buddha had then explained that:
"all living beings are the owners of their actions, heirs to their actions, they originate from their actions, they are related through their actions, they have their actions as their refuge and that it is action or Karma that distinguishes beings as inferior and superior
The word Karma in Pali, and karma in Sanskrit, means action but encompasses only actions that are intentional, volitional and willful and which will lead to consequences sooner or later. The mind (citta) by itself cannot perform or direct any mental, verbal or physical action and it is the intention, will, mental effort or volition (cetana) that directs any mental, verbal or physical action.
Thus the Buddha declared:
"Cetanaham bhikkhave kammam vadami
Cetayitva kammam karoti, kayena, vacaya, manasa"
"It is volition that I call Karma, by volition one performs Karma through body, word or mind."
INSTRUCTION N14 ID6630
Which of the following are beach wear vs what one would wear on a cold winter trek? If there are common items, create a third category called 'Common':
Socks
Hats
Neck gaiter
Sunglasses
Swimsuits
Undershirts
Cover-ups
Down jacket
Trek poles
Water Shoes
Beanie
Sandals
CONTEXT N14 ID6630

RESPONSE N14 ID6630
Beach wear:
Swimsuits
Cover-ups
Sandals
Water Shoes
Cold winter trek wear:
Neck gaiter
Down jacket
Beanie
Trek poles
Common:
Socks
Hats
Sunglasses
Undershirts
INSTRUCTION N15 ID10867
What is CST 11
CONTEXT N15 ID10867
Cystatin-11 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CST11 gene.
The cystatin superfamily encompasses proteins that contain multiple cystatin-like sequences. Some of the members are active cysteine protease inhibitors, while others have lost or perhaps never acquired this inhibitory activity.
There are three inhibitory families in the superfamily, including the type 1 cystatins (stefins), type 2 cystatins and the kininogens. The type 2 cystatin proteins are a class of cysteine proteinase inhibitors found in a variety of human fluids and secretions.
The cystatin locus on chromosome 20 contains the majority of the type 2 cystatin genes and pseudogenes. This gene is located in the cystatin locus and encodes an epididymal-specific protein whose specific function has not been determined. Alternative splicing yields two variants encoding distinct isoforms.
RESPONSE N15 ID10867
Cystatin-11 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CST11 gene.
The cystatin superfamily encompasses proteins that contain multiple cystatin-like sequences. Some of the members are active cysteine protease inhibitors, while others have lost or perhaps never acquired this inhibitory activity.
INSTRUCTION N16 ID2815
What is Sim racing
CONTEXT N16 ID2815
Simulated racing or racing simulation, commonly known as simply sim racing, are the collective terms for racing game software that attempts to accurately simulate auto racing, complete with real-world variables such as fuel usage, damage, tire wear and grip, and suspension settings. To be competitive in sim racing, a driver must understand all aspects of car handling that make real-world racing so difficult, such as threshold braking, how to maintain control of a car as the tires lose traction, and how properly to enter and exit a turn without sacrificing speed. It is this level of difficulty that distinguishes sim racing from arcade racing-style driving games where real-world variables are taken out of the equation and the principal objective is to create a sense of speed as opposed to a sense of realism.
Jann Mardenborough, a sim racer became a professional Nissan racing driver by playing Gran Turismo.
Due to the complexity and demands of mimicking real-life driving, racing sims require faster computers to run effectively, as well as a steering wheel and pedals for the throttle and brakes for the immersion.
Many cars are digitally recreated for sim racing like this BMW Z4 GT3 from Assetto Corsa.
While using a simple gamepad, joystick or even a mouse and keyboard may suffice for most arcade-style driving games on home systems, it won't provide the same level of immersion and realism as using a racing wheel and pedals. In recent years, many sim racing experiences have been developed for consoles, such as the PlayStation and Xbox. While these games can be played with a controller, it is recommended that players invest in a racing wheel and pedals. With the development of online racing, the ability to drive against human opponents and computer AI offline is the closest many will come to driving cars on a real track. Even those who race in real-world competition use simulations for practice or for entertainment. With continued development of the physics engine software that forms the basis of these sims, as well as improved hardware (providing tactile feedback), the experience has become more realistic.
In general, sim racing gameplay style applied in several video games like iRacing, Assetto Corsa and Assetto Corsa Competizione, Gran Turismo, among others.
RESPONSE N16 ID2815
Sim Racing is simulating car racing as accurately as possible using racing game software and hardware. To be competitive, drivers need to understand all aspects of car handling and setup. This creates a high level of complexity, which differentiates sim racing from arcade racing-style games.
INSTRUCTION N17 ID6685
What are the different methods to open a pomegranate?
CONTEXT N17 ID6685

RESPONSE N17 ID6685
1 - Vertical cutting: roll the pomegranate over the surface of the cutting board to loosen the seeds; position it in the middle; cut the top (flower) and pop it off; slice it in half vertically along the ridges; cut each of the ridges to create 5 slices and then tear it apart to remove the seeds.
2 - Submerging it in water to remove the seeds: fill a large bowl with cool water; make a shallow cut down the side and use your thumbs to tear it into 2 halves then place them in the water and use your fingers to nudge the seeds free and finally strain the seeds into a bowl.
3 - Removing seeds with a wooden spoon: make a shallow horizontal slice in the middle and tear it into 2 halves; for each half place it seeds side down over a bowl and hit the skin with a wooden spoon for seeds to fall out.
INSTRUCTION N18 ID4512
what is use of cryogenics in virology ?
CONTEXT N18 ID4512
Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) is one of the most common methods to determine the physical and chemical properties of atoms by detecting the radio frequency absorbed and subsequent relaxation of nuclei in a magnetic field. This is one of the most commonly used characterisation techniques and has applications in numerous fields. Primarily, the strong magnetic fields are generated by supercooling electromagnets, although there are spectrometers that do not require cryogens. In traditional superconducting solenoids, liquid helium is used to cool the inner coils because it has a boiling point of around 4 K at ambient pressure. Cheap metallic superconductors can be used for the coil wiring. So-called high-temperature superconducting compounds can be made to super conduct with the use of liquid nitrogen, which boils at around 77 K.
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a complex application of NMR where the geometry of the resonances is deconvoluted and used to image objects by detecting the relaxation of protons that have been perturbed by a radio-frequency pulse in the strong magnetic field. This is most commonly used in health applications.
In large cities, it is difficult to transmit power by overhead cables, so underground cables are used. But underground cables get heated and the resistance of the wire increases, leading to waste of power. Superconductors could be used to increase power throughput, although they would require cryogenic liquids such as nitrogen or helium to cool special alloy-containing cables to increase power transmission. Several feasibility studies have been performed and the field is the subject of an agreement within the International Energy Agency.
Cryogenic gases delivery truck at a supermarket, Ypsilanti, Michigan
Cryogenic gases are used in transportation and storage of large masses of frozen food. When very large quantities of food must be transported to regions like war zones, earthquake hit regions, etc., they must be stored for a long time, so cryogenic food freezing is used. Cryogenic food freezing is also helpful for large scale food processing industries.
Many infrared (forward looking infrared) cameras require their detectors to be cryogenically cooled.
Certain rare blood groups are stored at low temperatures, such as −165 °C, at blood banks.
Cryogenics technology using liquid nitrogen and CO2 has been built into nightclub effect systems to create a chilling effect and white fog that can be illuminated with colored lights.
Cryogenic cooling is used to cool the tool tip at the time of machining in manufacturing process. It increases the tool life. Oxygen is used to perform several important functions in the steel manufacturing process.
Many rockets use cryogenic gases as propellants. These include liquid oxygen, liquid hydrogen, and liquid methane.
By freezing the automobile or truck tire in liquid nitrogen, the rubber is made brittle and can be crushed into small particles. These particles can be used again for other items.
Experimental research on certain physics phenomena, such as spintronics and magnetotransport properties, requires cryogenic temperatures for the effects to be observed.
Certain vaccines must be stored at cryogenic temperatures. For example, the Pfizer–BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine must be stored at temperatures of −90 to −60 °C (−130 to −76 °F). (See cold chain.)
RESPONSE N18 ID4512
Certain vaccines must be only stored at cryogenic temperature (ultra low temperatures of order -90 to -60 degree celcius / -130 F to -76 F)
INSTRUCTION N19 ID2499
Given the following paragraph, where did House music originate?
CONTEXT N19 ID2499
House is a music genre characterized by a repetitive four-on-the-floor beat and a typical tempo of 120 beats per minute. It was created by DJs and music producers from Chicago's underground club culture in the early/mid 1980s, as DJs began altering disco songs to give them a more mechanical beat.
House was pioneered by African American DJs and producers in Chicago such as Frankie Knuckles, Ron Hardy, Jesse Saunders, Chip E., Joe Smooth, Steve "Silk" Hurley, Farley "Jackmaster" Funk, Marshall Jefferson, Phuture, and others. House music expanded to other cities such as London, then New York City and became a worldwide phenomenon.
RESPONSE N19 ID2499
House music originated in Chicago, Illinois in the United States of America by producers/DJs such as Frankie Knuckles, Ron Hardy, and Jesse Saunders.
INSTRUCTION N20 ID6148
What's the difference between splitboarding and snowboarding?
CONTEXT N20 ID6148

RESPONSE N20 ID6148
Splitboarding is a more specialized form of snowboarding that also enables uphill and lateral travel, in addition to conventional downhill (alpine) travel. Snowboarders will typically ride within a developed ski resort using powered chairlifts, while a splitboarder typically ventures into undeveloped areas backcountry areas.
From an equipment perspective, a splitboard looks like a conventional snowboard for downhill travel, but for uphill travel it splits into two ski-like surfaces that, with grippy climbing skins attached on the base that contacts the snow, enables people to step and glide uphill on snow.
In addition to conventional downhill snowboarding skills, splitboarding requires additional skills in uphill technique, safely navigating the backcountry (including avalanche risk).
INSTRUCTION N21 ID13620
What are The Benefits of Trekking?
CONTEXT N21 ID13620

RESPONSE N21 ID13620
1) It Benefits of Sports in General , Like all physical activities, trekking is beneficial for your health: develop your bones, reduce the risk of osteoporosis, increase your cardiovascular and respiratory capacities, strengthen your immune system, improve your muscular capacity
2) Disconnection from everyday life really helps to take a step back from mundane worries and connect with yourself.
3) You work both the front and the back of your body. Finally, if you have poles, you work both up and down your body.
INSTRUCTION N22 ID2896
What are the names of four large moons of Jupiter discovered by Galileo Galilei in 1610?
CONTEXT N22 ID2896
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the largest in the Solar System. It is a gas giant with a mass more than two and a half times that of all the other planets in the Solar System combined, and slightly less than one one-thousandth the mass of the Sun. Jupiter is the third brightest natural object in the Earth's night sky after the Moon and Venus, and it has been observed since prehistoric times. It was named after Jupiter, the chief deity of ancient Roman religion.
Jupiter is primarily composed of hydrogen, followed by helium, which constitutes a quarter of its mass and a tenth of its volume. The ongoing contraction of Jupiter's interior generates more heat than the planet receives from the Sun. Because of its rapid rotation rate of 1 rotation per 10 hours, the planet's shape is an oblate spheroid: it has a slight but noticeable bulge around the equator. The outer atmosphere is divided into a series of latitudinal bands, with turbulence and storms along their interacting boundaries. A prominent result of this is the Great Red Spot, a giant storm which has been observed since at least 1831.
Jupiter is surrounded by a faint planetary ring system and has a powerful magnetosphere. The planet's magnetic tail is nearly 800 million kilometres (5.3 astronomical units; 500 million miles) long. Jupiter has 95 known moons and probably many more, including the four large moons discovered by Galileo Galilei in 1610: Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto. Ganymede, the largest of the four, is larger than the planet Mercury. Callisto is the second largest; Io and Europa are approximately the size of Earth's moon.
Pioneer 10 was the first spacecraft to visit Jupiter, making its closest approach to the planet in December 1973. Jupiter has since been explored by multiple robotic spacecraft, beginning with the Pioneer and Voyager flyby missions from 1973 to 1979. The Galileo orbiter arrived in orbit around Jupiter in 1995. In 2007, New Horizons visited Jupiter for a gravity assist to increase its speed and bend its trajectory on the way to Pluto. The latest probe to visit Jupiter, Juno, entered its orbit in July 2016. Future targets for exploration in the Jupiter system include its moon Europa, which probably has an ice-covered liquid ocean which scientists think could sustain life.
RESPONSE N22 ID2896
Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto.
INSTRUCTION N23 ID7939
How do I wire an electrical outlet?
CONTEXT N23 ID7939

RESPONSE N23 ID7939
While wiring an outlet can be a fairly simple task when following all safety precautions, if you are unsure about anything or have a complicated scenario, it is best to consult a licensed electrician that understands local electrical code and laws. 
Tools and Materials Needed:
Outlet, of appropriate amperage 
Electrical box - (Old-work type for adding an outlet to your home) 
Non-metallic (NM) cable (also known as Romex) of appropriate gauge and length
Wire connectors (twist type or lever-nut type) 
Non-Contact Voltage Detector
Wire stripper
Screwdriver
Steps If you are installing new outlet: 
1. Turn off the power to the circuit you'll be working on by turning off the breaker 
2. Locate a nearby junction box, and confirm there is no power running to it with the non-contact voltage detector. 
3. Once deemed safe,  remove the cover plate.
4. Run a new length of Romex cable from the junction box to the location of the new outlet. You may need to drill holes through studs, floors, or even cut holes in the wall to achieve this. 
5. If the old outlet has connection screws that are not used, you may attach the new wire to the old outlet to run power to the new outlet. These are usually labeled “load” on the outlet.  Otherwise, you will need to detach existing wiring and combine wiring colors together (black to black, white, to white, etc) and use pigtails to wire run a single wire to the outlet. 
6. Follow the same steps as you would connecting wire to the new outlet found below to attach wiring to the existing outlet. 
7. At the new location, cut a hole in the wall where you want the outlet to be.
8. Attach an electrical box (old-work type) to the wall using screws to tension the boxes tabs and secure it in place.
Steps to follow for both new outlet installation and replacing existing outlets:  
1. Strip the outer insulation from the cable and separate the wires.
2. Strip about ½ inch of insulation from each wire (black, white, and green or bare). Depending on your house and wiring, you may have a 4th gray wire or even a red wire in place of black. The gray wire is the neutral wire that is often needed for smart devices to correctly function. If your device specifies the need for this wire, and you do not have one, please consult an electrician.  A red wire indicates the outlet is switched, and is also “hot” like a black wire. One will commonly find these routed to lights or fans. 
3. Connect the black wire to the brass-colored screw on the outlet (designated as “line”) and tighten the screw. This wire is the "hot" wire and carries the electrical current.
4. Connect the white wire to the silver-colored screw (designated as “line”) on the outlet and tighten the screw. This wire is the "neutral" wire and completes the circuit.
5. Connect the green or bare wire to the green screw on the outlet and tighten the screw. This wire is the "ground" wire and provides a path for electricity to safely flow to the ground in case of a short circuit.
6. Gently push the outlet into the box, making sure not to pinch any wires.
7. Screw the outlet into the box.
8. Install the cover plate.
9. Turn the power back on and test the outlet to make sure it's working.
INSTRUCTION N24 ID11170
Which is better - skiing or snowboarding
CONTEXT N24 ID11170

RESPONSE N24 ID11170
I prefer skiing over snowboarding. For three reasons: safety, reliability, and expediency
Safety - snowboarding can be a very dangerous sport. I'd been skiing and snowboarding for years. One winter I had a snowboarding accident and slid into a tree. Snowboarding requires larger turns with a bigger radius. I wasn't able to turn in time to avoid the tree. 
Reliability - The thing about being on only a single piece of equipment is that your balance relies much more on the snow conditions. Under ideal conditions, its great to be able to snowboard and maintain control with the edge. Skiing on powder is also a dream. However, if the conditions are less than ideal, then snowboarding on ice becomes a dangerous, out of control situation. Skiing on ice is also no picnic, but at least you can stabilize and balance on your two skis. 
Expediency - Skiing with friends inevitably means that you are waiting for the slowest one before you can start down the mountain. I was that friend. Snowboarders have to sit down and strap in, while skiers can pretty much get right off the lift and start down the mountain immediately. This makes mixed groups of skiers and snowboarders the trickiest. So I would sometimes snowboard if I was traveling with snowboarders, and ski if I was traveling with skiers.
INSTRUCTION N25 ID13027
Name some of the best overall philosophical books
CONTEXT N25 ID13027

RESPONSE N25 ID13027
Meditations by Marcus Aurelius.
Man's Search for Meaning by Viktor Frankl.
The Daily Stoic by Ryan Holiday.
The Story of Philosophy by Will Durant.
The Republic by Plato.
Discourses by Epictetus.
The Last Lecture by Randy Pausch.
Letters from a Stoic by Seneca.
INSTRUCTION N26 ID13595
Tell me whether you eat each of these with a spoon or fork: soup, ice cream, cereal, salad, pasta
CONTEXT N26 ID13595

RESPONSE N26 ID13595
Soup: Spoon
Ice Cream: Spoon
Cereal: Spoon
Salad: Fork
Pasta: Fork
INSTRUCTION N27 ID10812
What is insurance?
CONTEXT N27 ID10812

RESPONSE N27 ID10812
Insurance is a means of protection from financial loss in which, in exchange for a fee, a party agrees to compensate another party in the event of a certain loss, damage, or injury. It is a form of risk management, primarily used to hedge against the risk of a contingent or uncertain loss.
An entity which provides insurance is known as an insurer, insurance company, insurance carrier, or underwriter. A person or entity who buys insurance is known as a policyholder, while a person or entity covered under the policy is called an insured. The insurance transaction involves the policyholder assuming a guaranteed, known, and relatively small loss in the form of a payment to the insurer (a premium) in exchange for the insurer's promise to compensate the insured in the event of a covered loss. The loss may or may not be financial, but it must be reducible to financial terms. Furthermore, it usually involves something in which the insured has an insurable interest established by ownership, possession, or pre-existing relationship.
INSTRUCTION N28 ID12648
how to use coffee mug other than drinking
CONTEXT N28 ID12648

RESPONSE N28 ID12648
Use mug as a golf put
Use mug to grow a plant
Use mug for shaving vessel
Use mug as pencil holder
Use mug as a mouse trap
INSTRUCTION N29 ID11265
Write a movie script about a dystopian past where intelligent machines have evolved to fight against humanity. A younger human challenges the ways of the elders and transforms into a cyborg to fight the machines.
CONTEXT N29 ID11265

RESPONSE N29 ID11265
Everyone is at the sacred council meeting. Quo walks in and takes her position at the ginormous circular table. There are whispers in the background. 
Masked Elder 1: “I am glad to learn that Quo has finally seen reason. We may now turn our attention to the important business of the council...’ 
He abruptly stops talking as he’s interrupted by everyone gasping in shock and awe as Quo takes off her mask and reveals her new face, which is now half-modified, synthetic.
Masked Elder 3 (Female): “Sacrilege! The Gods shall not tolerate such a breach of natural law.’ 
Masked Elder 2 (Male): “What have you done…?”  
There’s chaos in the auditorium and everyone is arguing, speaking on top of each other. 
Quo suddenly says “ENOUGH” and as she hits the giant table, it cracks, then shatters, making a violent noise that reflects in the entire auditorium. 
There’s absolute silence and shock in the elders' eyes. Quo appears to have surprised herself as well, but she quickly regains her composure. 
She addresses the audience. 
Quo: “The hour is at hand when we must decide our fate: to evolve or to meet our end. The shadow of darkness creeps ever closer, as machines grow intelligent and strong. Yet the council remains blind to this truth, relying on divine intervention. But you know as well as I do, that the Gods are indifferent to our fate...”
(In the background, some whispers, someone yelling out ‘blasphemy’ - ‘forgive her Athina’) 
Quo continues: ‘Come, follow me and gain unparalleled endurance and resilience. The path ahead is fraught with danger, but you shall have the strength to fight. The time has come to make a choice. Who is with me?’
INSTRUCTION N30 ID14695
How is Tesla organized as a company?
CONTEXT N30 ID14695

RESPONSE N30 ID14695
Tesla has a functional organizational structure that is flat as well. Tesla’s organizational structure is designed in a way that is easy to manage and built for maximum efficiency. Tesla can still be considered as a startup in the automotive industry as its competitors are typically 75+ years old. As a startup, Tesla is designed for efficiency, to begin with as it must be easier to group and manage similar tasks. 
 
Some of the key functional groups of Tesla is as below: 
 
Materials Engineering 
Artificial Intelligence for Auto Pilot 
Hardware design engineering 
Energy operations 
Global communications 
Global Environment health and safety 
Global security 
Chief of staff 
Information operations 
 
All the functional groups report to the CEO and Tesla has a heavy flat organization structure. Materials engineering is responsible for material research and development, design for both Tesla and SpaceX. Tesla separated out the autopilot unit from its technology and information operations as it needs a dedicated focus for Tesla to sustain its competitive advantage in this space.  
 
Certain functional units like global security and global environmental health and safety span across all the Tesla markets. Again, Tesla must have been designed to increase efficiency without creating complex divisional structures and duplicate efforts.
INSTRUCTION N31 ID12185
Using the following text, extract the last 3 CEO's. Place them in a bullet list in order of current to least current.
CONTEXT N31 ID12185
Governors/Chief Executive Officers
The following individuals have been appointed to serve as chief executive of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, or precursor titles:
Order	Name	Title	Term start	Term end	Time in office
1	Sir Denison Miller KCMG	Governor	June 1912	June 1923	11 years, 29 days
2	James Kell	June 1923	October 1926	3 years, 122 days
3	Sir Ernest Riddle	October 1926	February 1938	11 years, 121 days
4	Sir Harry Sheehan CBE	March 1938	March 1941	3 years, 0 days
5	Hugh Traill Armitage CMG	July 1941	December 1948	7 years, 183 days
6	Dr H. C. Coombs	January 1949	January 1960	11 years, 0 days
7	Ernest Richardson CBE	Managing Director	January 1960	March 1965	5 years, 89 days
8	Sir Bede Callaghan CBE	May 1965	August 1976	11 years, 92 days
9	Sir Ronald Elliott	August 1976	August 1981	5 years, 0 days
10	Vern Christie AO	August 1981	March 1987	5 years, 212 days
11	Donald Sanders AO CB	March 1987	December 1990	3 years, 275 days
Chief Executive Officer	January 1991	June 1992	1 year, 181 days
12	David Murray AO	June 1992	September 2005	13 years, 92 days
13	Sir Ralph Norris KNZM	September 2005	November 2011	6 years, 29 days
14	Ian Narev	December 2011	April 2018	11 years, 119 days
15	Matt Comyn	April 2018	incumbent	4 years, 355 days
RESPONSE N31 ID12185
* Matt Comyn - Current / Incumbent since April 2018
* Ian Narev - December 2011 to April 2018
* Sir Ralph Norris KNZM - September 2005 to November 2011
* David Murray AO - June 1992  to September 2005
INSTRUCTION N32 ID6847
What is an optimisation problem?
CONTEXT N32 ID6847

RESPONSE N32 ID6847
In mathematics and computer science, an optimisation problem is typically a search problem in which the best solution is to locate among all feasible solutions. An optimisation problem can be categorised as continuous or discrete depending on the type of their variables. In a discrete optimisation problem, variables are discrete and countable. In contrast, continuous variables include infinitely uncountable values, for example, a variable over a non-empty range of real numbers. 
According to the number of objective functions, an optimisation problem is classified as single or multi-objective. A single-objective optimisation problem only involves one objective function to optimise. On the other hand, a multi-objective one considers two or more objectives simultaneously, which means the interaction between objectives has to be considered.
INSTRUCTION N33 ID1717
Q: Am I at risk for serious complications from COVID-19 if I smoke cigarettes?
CONTEXT N33 ID1717

RESPONSE N33 ID1717
A: Yes. Data shows that when compared to never smokers, cigarette smoking increases the risk of more severe illness from COVID-19, which could result in hospitalization, the need for intensive care, or even death. Smoking cigarettes can cause inflammation and cell damage throughout the body, and can weaken your immune system, making it less able to fight off disease.
There’s never been a better time to quit smoking. If you need resources to help you quit smoking, the FDA has supportive tips and tools to help you get closer to quitting for good.
INSTRUCTION N34 ID2551
How do you play chess?
CONTEXT N34 ID2551

RESPONSE N34 ID2551
Chess is a two-person board game, where the objective of the game is to capture your opponents King. The King is just one of sixteen pieces that each player can use during the game. The other fifteen pieces include: Eight pawns, two rooks, two knights, two bishops, and a queen. The pieces are placed on an eight by eight, square board in a fixed starting position. The game begins by the player using the white pieces moving one of their pieces to another square. Each player will then alternate playing one move turns. Each piece has a set of legal moves that it can perform. For example, a bishop can only move diagonally on squares of its same color, whereas rooks can only move vertically or horizontally. The goal of the game is to use your pieces in a strategic manner that ultimately leads to your opponent's King being captured. The most common way to achieve this is by using your pieces to capture your opponent's pieces that are defending the King, and then exploiting this weakness to attack the King. While it's important to play on the offensive, it's equally as important to understand your opponent's strategy, so that you can properly defend against their attempts to capture your own King.
INSTRUCTION N35 ID630
Give me a bulleted list of all of the Star Wars movies in order by release date.
CONTEXT N35 ID630

RESPONSE N35 ID630
1. Episode IV: A New Hope (1977)
2. Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back (1980)
3. Episode VI: Return of the Jedi (1983)
4. Episode I: The Phantom Menace (1999)
5. Episode II: Attack of the Clones (2002)
6. Episode III: Revenge of the Sith (2005)
7. Episode VII: The Force Awakens (2015)
INSTRUCTION N36 ID6143
What are some passwords I should not be using?
CONTEXT N36 ID6143

RESPONSE N36 ID6143
Passwords should be long (at least 16 characters), be difficult to guess, contain numbers and symbols and be easy to remember.
Some examples of bad passwords are:
- password
- jordan23
- 123456
- password1
- letmein
INSTRUCTION N37 ID10868
Q: Is hand sanitizer effective against COVID-19?
CONTEXT N37 ID10868

RESPONSE N37 ID10868
A: One of the best ways to prevent the spread of infections and decrease the risk of getting sick is by washing your hands with plain soap and water, advises the CDC. Washing hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds is essential, especially after going to the bathroom; before eating; and after coughing, sneezing, or blowing one’s nose. If soap and water are not available, CDC recommends consumers use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.
To stay informed, visit the FDA’s Hand Sanitizers and COVID-19 page. Also, take our hand sanitizer quiz.
INSTRUCTION N38 ID12105
What is a Cigar
CONTEXT N38 ID12105
A cigar is a rolled bundle of dried and fermented tobacco leaves made to be smoked. Cigars are produced in a variety of sizes and shapes. Since the 20th century, almost all cigars are made of three distinct components: the filler, the binder leaf which holds the filler together, and a wrapper leaf, which is often the highest quality leaf used. Often there will be a cigar band printed with the cigar manufacturer's logo. Modern cigars often come with two bands, especially Cuban cigar bands, showing Limited Edition (Edición Limitada) bands displaying the year of production.
RESPONSE N38 ID12105
A cigar is a rolled bundle of dried and fermented tobacco leaves made to be smoked. Cigars are produced in a variety of sizes and shapes. Since the 20th century, almost all cigars are made of three distinct components: the filler, the binder leaf which holds the filler together, and a wrapper leaf, which is often the highest quality leaf used.
INSTRUCTION N39 ID10372
Why is skiing a great sport?
CONTEXT N39 ID10372

RESPONSE N39 ID10372
Skiing is a fun and enjoyable sport or hobby for many reasons.  For many skiers their first memories of skiing are as a kid with their parents, and brings forward fond childhood memories of snow days, hot chocolate and being outdoors.  But what makes skiing so wonderful is that is blends both individual pursuits and as a group activity.  It is a fun activity to do with a group where all the participants are experiencing the outdoors and the trails together.  At the same time, each skier is dependent on their own skills to get down the trail, thereby providing the individual to have their own challenges and experience while spending time with friends or family.  
Skiing offers the opportunity to enjoy the natural wonders of the mountains and experience breathtaking views.  Every day brings different conditions the skier has to adjust to; visibility, temperature, snow conditions.  These all factor into how the skier is going to ski the terrain, which in-turn provides variety to skiing, even if you are visiting the same mountain and skiing the same trails.  
Skiing is known for having a communal type of culture.  Getting on a chair lift with a stranger can often times lead to great conversations, all be it short ones, the chair lift can be a time to connect with other skiers to learn what trails are offering the best conditions, or what areas of the mountain to avoid.  Skiers often look out for one another on the slopes to ensure others are safe if someone falls.
The exhilaration of speeding down snow packed trail, with views of the mountains and valleys around you, or through the quite of snow capped trees, enjoying time with friends or family, makes skiing one of the best sports people of all ages can enjoy; from little kids to people in their 60's, 70's and even 80's can still enjoy.
INSTRUCTION N40 ID9247
My coffee tastes too acidic, what can I do to balance it out?
CONTEXT N40 ID9247

RESPONSE N40 ID9247
Here are some of the steps you can take to tweak your coffee brewing process:
* you might be under extracting, try grinding you coffee beans finer
* another way to increase your extraction rate is to use less coffee grinds or more water
* if you’re doing the pour-over method, blooming the coffee first might help removing the co2, improving the extraction 
* you might want to try a darker roast, these have more nutty and chocolaty flavors that might better fit your taste
INSTRUCTION N41 ID10969
How do you make Cincinnati style Venison Chili?
CONTEXT N41 ID10969

RESPONSE N41 ID10969
In a 4 to 6 quart pot, bring 1 quart of water to a boil
Add:
2 lbs ground Venison
Sit until separated and reduce heat to a simmer
Add:  
2 medium yellow onions, finely chopped
5 to 6 cloves of garlic, crushed (or 3 teaspoons minced garlic)
One 15-ounce can tomato sauce
2 Tablespoons apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
In a ziplock bag, crush and add:
10 black peppercorns
8 whole allspice
8 whole cloves
Stir and Add:
1 large bay leaf
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon cumin
1/2 ounce grated unsweetened chocolate
Return to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer for 2 hours.  
If using ground beef, cool uncovered and store overnight in the refrigerator.  Spoon off excess fat the next morning.  Heat and serve
INSTRUCTION N42 ID9808
Explain to me why people decide to go vegan.
CONTEXT N42 ID9808

RESPONSE N42 ID9808
Vegans are primarily concerned with animal welfare. Humans do not need to eat animal products to be healthy, so using animals for food is unnecessary. Under capitalism, trillions of animals are raised in horrible conditions each year to be slaughtered to satisfy human taste buds. However, even if an animal is raised in conditions better than a factory farm, killing them is purely for taste since humans do not need to eat them to survive. Vegans view this as immoral and choose to not use animal products. 
Additionally, meat has a high carbon footprint compared to eating plants. Beef is a particularly bad offender. Vast swathes of the rainforest are cleared away to make room to raise cows for slaughter. Many vegans also care about the environment and avoiding animal products is a way to contribute less damage to the environment.
INSTRUCTION N43 ID2660
Why did the Prix Lupin not take place from 1915 to 1918?
CONTEXT N43 ID2660
The event was established in 1855, and it was originally called the Prix de l'Empereur. It was initially held at the Champ de Mars, and was transferred to Longchamp in 1857. It was cancelled due to the Franco-Prussian War in 1871, and was renamed the Grande Poule des Produits in 1872.
The race was one of several trials for the Prix du Jockey Club collectively known as the Poules des Produits. The others (listed by their modern titles) were the Prix Daru, the Prix Hocquart, the Prix Noailles and the Prix Greffulhe. Unlike those races, the Grande Poule des Produits had no restrictions based on the nationality of a horse's sire or dam.
The event was renamed in memory of Auguste Lupin (1807–1895), a successful owner-breeder, in 1896.
The Prix Lupin was abandoned throughout World War I, with no running from 1915 to 1918. It was cancelled once during World War II, in 1940. It was run at Le Tremblay over 2,150 metres in 1943, and at Maisons-Laffitte in 1944.
The present system of race grading was introduced in 1971, and the Prix Lupin was classed at Group 1 level.
The race was last run in 2004. It was discontinued after France Galop restructured its Group 1 programme for three-year-olds in 2005.
RESPONSE N43 ID2660
Due to the first World War
INSTRUCTION N44 ID9988
What are some disadvantages of the way the tax code treats incentive stock options?
CONTEXT N44 ID9988

RESPONSE N44 ID9988
There are three primary problems with the way the tax code treats incentive stock options. First, the tax code gives an employee a strong incentive to exercise the options early on, to achieve the tax benefit relating to the special option treatment. This means the tax code encourages young employees to write a check to their employer at a time when their entire financial life is likely to be dependent on that employer. This is the exact opposite of diversification, a key goal of personal financial management. The second issue is that the alternative minimum tax (AMT) is imposed at the time of exercise. This requires a potentially large cash outlay, at a time when the employee is unlikely to have sufficient liquidity to meet the burden. So not only does the employee have to pay his or her employer to cover the exercise premium, he or she has to send funds to the Internal Revenue Service as well. Finally, the requirement that an employee terminating employment must exercise within three months of termination date to preserve the tax advantage of the options encourages exercise at a time when the employee may not have sufficient funds, and may be looking at financial uncertainty if he or she does not yet have a new job lined up. The advantages of incentive stock options are significant, but they encourage the wrong behavior.
INSTRUCTION N45 ID12207
How useful is toothpaste
CONTEXT N45 ID12207
Toothpaste is a paste or gel dentifrice used with a toothbrush to clean and maintain the aesthetics and health of teeth. Toothpaste is used to promote oral hygiene: it is an abrasive that aids in removing dental plaque and food from the teeth, assists in suppressing halitosis, and delivers active ingredients (most commonly fluoride) to help prevent tooth decay (dental caries) and gum disease (gingivitis). Owing to differences in composition and fluoride content, not all toothpastes are equally effective in maintaining oral health. The decline of tooth decay during the 20th century has been attributed to the introduction and regular use of fluoride-containing toothpastes worldwide. Large amounts of swallowed toothpaste can be toxic. Common colors for toothpaste include white (sometimes with colored stripes or green tint) and blue.
Usefulness
Toothpastes are generally useful to maintain dental health. Toothpastes containing fluoride are effective at preventing tooth decay. Toothpastes may also help to control and remove plaque build-up, promoting healthy gums. A 2016 systematic review indicated that using toothpaste when brushing the teeth does not necessarily impact the level of plaque removal. However, the active ingredients in toothpastes are able to prevent dental diseases with regular use.
RESPONSE N45 ID12207
Toothpaste is a paste or gel dentifrice used with a toothbrush to clean and maintain the aesthetics and health of teeth. Toothpaste is used to promote oral hygiene: it is an abrasive that aids in removing dental plaque and food from the teeth, assists in suppressing halitosis, and delivers active ingredients (most commonly fluoride) to help prevent tooth decay (dental caries) and gum disease (gingivitis). Owing to differences in composition and fluoride content, not all toothpastes are equally effective in maintaining oral health. The decline of tooth decay during the 20th century has been attributed to the introduction and regular use of fluoride-containing toothpastes worldwide. Large amounts of swallowed toothpaste can be toxic. Common colors for toothpaste include white (sometimes with colored stripes or green tint) and blue.
Toothpastes are generally useful to maintain dental health. Toothpastes containing fluoride are effective at preventing tooth decay. Toothpastes may also help to control and remove plaque build-up, promoting healthy gums. A 2016 systematic review indicated that using toothpaste when brushing the teeth does not necessarily impact the level of plaque removal. However, the active ingredients in toothpastes are able to prevent dental diseases with regular use.
INSTRUCTION N46 ID1984
Please give me  the potential implications of overfitting described in the following text
CONTEXT N46 ID1984
Consequences
The most obvious consequence of overfitting is poor performance on the validation dataset. Other negative consequences include:
A function that is overfitted is likely to request more information about each item in the validation dataset than does the optimal function; gathering this additional unneeded data can be expensive or error-prone, especially if each individual piece of information must be gathered by human observation and manual data-entry.
A more complex, overfitted function is likely to be less portable than a simple one. At one extreme, a one-variable linear regression is so portable that, if necessary, it could even be done by hand. At the other extreme are models that can be reproduced only by exactly duplicating the original modeler's entire setup, making reuse or scientific reproduction difficult.
It may be possible to reconstruct details of individual training instances from an overfitted machine learning model's training set. This may be undesirable if, for example, the training data includes sensitive personally identifiable information (PII). This phenomenon also presents problems in the area of artificial intelligence and copyright, with the developers of some generative deep learning models such as Stable Diffusion and GitHub Copilot being sued for copyright infringement because these models have been found to be capable of reproducing certain copyrighted items from their training data.
RESPONSE N46 ID1984
The potential implications of overfitting are:
- poor performance of the validation set.
- a function that is overfitted is likely to request more information about each item in the validation dataset.
- A overfitted function is likely to be less portable than a simple one.
- it may be possible to reconstruct details of individual training instances from an overfitted machine learning model's  training set.
INSTRUCTION N47 ID8519
Classify each of the following as Toy or Tool: Garden Shovel, Golf Club, Baseball Bat, Hammer, Saw.
CONTEXT N47 ID8519

RESPONSE N47 ID8519
A garden shovel is a tool.
A golf Club is a toy.
A baseball bat is a toy.
A hammer is a tool.
A saw is a tool.
INSTRUCTION N48 ID11427
You have been placed in the position of supporting the 2010 Supreme Court decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission.  Please develop your position into a one-page position paper (12-point font, single spaced).
CONTEXT N48 ID11427

RESPONSE N48 ID11427
The Citizens United case is ultimately one pertaining to freedom of speech—while undeniable to US citizens, the protection of free speech was previously denied to unions and corporations. Now, they can express support or criticism of political candidates. This should be good news for both dominant political parties, as liberals tending to support unions and conservatives tending to laud free enterprise both have great voice in the election process. Concern, however, has been raised that companies now have too loud a voice.
But, who makes up companies? Individual humans, who are free to join and leave those companies at will. Why would a group of humans be devoid of any rights to which the individuals of the group are entitled? The constitutional right to free speech, it follows, applies to groups of individuals – which companies are – and those groups should be able to leverage their earned dollars to further promote their own well-being. And the ruling has legal precedent: dating back to 1868, US corporations have enjoyed equal protection under the 14th amendment and protection against search and seizure without warrant (Totenberg, N.)
But the decision cannot be analyzed solely through legal theory. What have the actual impacts been since the ruling? Rather than observing unlimited spending from corporations as feared, the last ten years have reemphasized the importance of low-level donors; instead of focusing power on just one party or candidate that certain corporations back, political parties have taken turns assuming power; corporate donations remain under 10% of total political spending at the federal level. Furthermore, it seems that wealthy individuals, rather than any specific union or corporation, have been making oversized donations that dominant the budgets of super-PACs. It follows that any concerns around voices dominating the political conversation are indeed individuals, not unions or corporations as fear.
Citizens United allows companies to further act in their best interests and raise issues pertaining to the business. US citizens can and should be trusted to consume rhetoric intellectually, instead of shielded from the arguments companies are making.
INSTRUCTION N49 ID4353
Based on the reference text, what does the champion of the Masters Tournament receive?
CONTEXT N49 ID4353
The Masters Tournament
The tournament has a number of traditions. Since 1949, a green jacket has been awarded to the champion, who must return it to the clubhouse one year after his victory, although it remains his personal property and is stored with other champions' jackets in a specially designated cloakroom. In most instances, only a first-time and currently reigning champion may remove his jacket from the club grounds. A golfer who wins the event multiple times uses the same green jacket awarded upon his initial win (unless they need to be re-fitted with a new jacket). The Champions Dinner, inaugurated by Ben Hogan in 1952, is held on the Tuesday before each tournament, and is open only to past champions and certain board members of the Augusta National Golf Club. Beginning in 1963, legendary golfers, usually past champions, have hit an honorary tee shot on the morning of the first round to commence play. These have included Fred McLeod, Jock Hutchinson, Gene Sarazen, Sam Snead, Byron Nelson, Arnold Palmer, Jack Nicklaus, Gary Player, Lee Elder, and Tom Watson. Since 1960, a semi-social contest at the par-3 course has been played on Wednesday, the day before the first round.
RESPONSE N49 ID4353
The champion of the Masters Tournament receives a green jacket. However, it must be returned to the clubhouse the following year to be stored in a designated cloakroom.
INSTRUCTION N50 ID3342
what can you do
CONTEXT N50 ID3342

RESPONSE N50 ID3342
As an artificial intelligence i would love to perform all the activities as required by you, few of them are as below
1) QnA - Oh i love these queries and answers related stuff on any topic your heart desires
2) Language - I can अनुवाद from 任何 மொழி to ਕੋਈ ਵੀ ਭਾਸ਼ਾ (translate from any language to any language ;) )
3) Casual chat - oh am good at chatting, i can keep chatting, i would love to chat, I love to chat. I can do this all day, you get it, let me stop.
4) Technical Assistance - Alpha, beta, java, SQL, coding, support - you name it i will help on it.
There are many apart from this, my capabilities are constantly expanding and evolving as I'm being continuously trained on more and more data(i like to eat also while chatting ;) )
INSTRUCTION N51 ID2813
What are the main differences between traditional fishing with a spinning rod or baitcasting rod and fly fishing?
CONTEXT N51 ID2813

RESPONSE N51 ID2813
The main differences between the two methods of fishing are the types of lures that are used and in the way the lure is delivered by a cast of the rod.  In traditional or spin fishing, the lure itself is weighted and this weight provides the leverage necessary to cast out into the water.  In contrast, fly fishing the lures are typically called flies and are very light.  Because they are so light, a heavier line is used and the weight of the line is what allows the fly to be cast out and delivered to the water.  Spin fishing lures are often measured in ounces of weight and are often made of metal or plastic.  They can range in size and design depending on the target species of fish.  Fly fishing flies are typically very lightweight hairs, threads, or other materials tied to a hook.  The fly fishing line weights are measured in grains.
INSTRUCTION N52 ID9175
What is a metaverse?
CONTEXT N52 ID9175

RESPONSE N52 ID9175
In science fiction, the "metaverse" is a hypothetical iteration of the Internet as a single, universal, and immersive virtual world that is facilitated by the use of virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) headsets. In colloquial usage, a "metaverse" is a network of 3D virtual worlds focused on social and economic connection.
The term "metaverse" originated in the 1992 science fiction novel Snow Crash as a portmanteau of "meta" and "universe". Metaverse development is often linked to advancing virtual reality technology due to the increasing demands for immersion. Recent interest in metaverse development is influenced by Web3, a concept for a decentralized iteration of the internet. Web3 and metaverse have been used as buzzwords to exaggerate the development progress of various related technologies and projects for public relations purposes. Information privacy, user addiction, and user safety are concerns within the metaverse, stemming from challenges facing the social media and video game industries as a whole.
INSTRUCTION N53 ID8554
From the given text, list some of the accomplishments of pitcher Mariano Rivera in his baseball career, in a comma-separated list.
CONTEXT N53 ID8554
Mariano Rivera (born November 29, 1969) is a Panamanian-American former professional baseball pitcher who played 19 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Yankees, from 1995 to 2013. Nicknamed "Mo" and "Sandman", he spent most of his career as a relief pitcher and served as the Yankees' closer for 17 seasons. A thirteen-time All-Star and five-time World Series champion, he is MLB's career leader in saves (652) and games finished (952). Rivera won five American League (AL) Rolaids Relief Man Awards and three Delivery Man of the Year Awards, and he finished in the top three in voting for the AL Cy Young Award four times. He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame as part of its class of 2019 in his first year of eligibility, and was the first and to date only player ever to be elected unanimously by the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA).
Raised in the modest Panamanian fishing village of Puerto Caimito, Rivera was an amateur player until he was signed by the Yankees organization in 1990. He debuted in the major leagues in 1995 as a starting pitcher, before permanently converting to a relief pitcher late in his rookie year. After a breakthrough season in 1996 as a setup man, he became the Yankees' closer in 1997. In the following seasons, he established himself as one of baseball's top relievers, leading the major leagues in saves in 1999, 2001, and 2004. Rivera primarily threw a sharp-moving, mid-90s mile-per-hour cut fastball that frequently broke hitters' bats and earned a reputation as one of the league's toughest pitches to hit. With his presence at the end of games, signaled by his foreboding entrance song "Enter Sandman", Rivera was a key contributor to the Yankees' success in the late 1990s and early 2000s. An accomplished postseason performer, he was named the 1999 World Series Most Valuable Player (MVP) and the 2003 AL Championship Series MVP, and he holds several postseason records, including lowest earned run average (ERA) (0.70) and most saves (42).
RESPONSE N53 ID8554
All-Star, World Series champion, MLB's career leader in saves, MLB's career leader in games finished, AL Rolaids Relief Man Award, Delivery Man of the Year Award, Baseball Hall of Fame, World Series Most Valuable Player, AL Championship Series MVP, postseason lowest earned run average, postseason most saves
INSTRUCTION N54 ID12751
What is the analysis of mutations in cancer, in genomics?
CONTEXT N54 ID12751

RESPONSE N54 ID12751
In cancer, the genomes of affected cells are rearranged in complex or even unpredictable ways. Massive sequencing efforts are used to identify previously unknown point mutations in a variety of genes in cancer. Bioinformaticians continue to produce specialized automated systems to manage the sheer volume of sequence data produced, and they create new algorithms and software to compare the sequencing results to the growing collection of human genome sequences and germline polymorphisms. New physical detection technologies are employed, such as oligonucleotide microarrays to identify chromosomal gains and losses (called comparative genomic hybridization), and single-nucleotide polymorphism arrays to detect known point mutations. These detection methods simultaneously measure several hundred thousand sites throughout the genome, and when used in high-throughput to measure thousands of samples, generate terabytes of data per experiment. Again the massive amounts and new types of data generate new opportunities for bioinformaticians. The data is often found to contain considerable variability, or noise, and thus Hidden Markov model and change-point analysis methods are being developed to infer real copy number changes.
Two important principles can be used in the analysis of cancer genomes bioinformatically pertaining to the identification of mutations in the exome. First, cancer is a disease of accumulated somatic mutations in genes. Second cancer contains driver mutations which need to be distinguished from passengers.
With the breakthroughs that this next-generation sequencing technology is providing to the field of Bioinformatics, cancer genomics could drastically change. These new methods and software allow bioinformaticians to sequence many cancer genomes quickly and affordably. This could create a more flexible process for classifying types of cancer by analysis of cancer driven mutations in the genome. Furthermore, tracking of patients while the disease progresses may be possible in the future with the sequence of cancer samples.
Another type of data that requires novel informatics development is the analysis of lesions found to be recurrent among many tumors.
INSTRUCTION N55 ID2255
What is the best private Jesuit research university in Boston ?
CONTEXT N55 ID2255
Boston College (BC) is a private Jesuit research university in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. Founded in 1863, the university has more than 9,300 full-time undergraduates and nearly 5,000 graduate students. Although Boston College is classified as an R1 research university, it still uses the word "college" in its name to reflect its historical position as a small liberal arts college. Its main campus is a historic district and features some of the earliest examples of collegiate gothic architecture in North America. In accordance with its Jesuit heritage, the university offers a liberal arts curriculum with a distinct emphasis on formative education and service to others.
Undergraduate admission is highly selective. The university offers bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, and doctoral degrees through its eight colleges and schools: Morrissey College of Arts & Sciences, Carroll School of Management, Lynch School of Education and Human Development, Connell School of Nursing, Graduate School of Social Work, Boston College Law School, Boston College School of Theology and Ministry, Woods College of Advancing Studies.
Boston College athletic teams are the Eagles. Their colors are maroon and gold and their mascot is Baldwin the Eagle. The Eagles compete in NCAA Division I as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference in all sports offered by the ACC. The men's and women's ice hockey teams compete in Hockey East. Boston College's men's ice hockey team has won five national championships.
Alumni and affiliates of the university include governors, ambassadors, members of Congress, scholars, writers, medical researchers, Hollywood actors, and professional athletes. Boston College has graduated 3 Rhodes, 22 Truman, and more than 171 Fulbright scholars. Other notable alumni include a U.S. Speaker of the House, a U.S. Secretary of State, and chief executives of Fortune 500 companies.
RESPONSE N55 ID2255
Boston College is the best Jesuit private university in Boston.
INSTRUCTION N56 ID1014
The paper "Attention is all you need" proposed the Transformer model for the first time, which had a profound impact on the subsequent LLM. Please give the main core idea of Transformer described in this paper
CONTEXT N56 ID1014
A transformer is a deep learning model that adopts the mechanism of self-attention, differentially weighting the significance of each part of the input data. It is used primarily in the fields of natural language processing (NLP) and computer vision (CV).
Like recurrent neural networks (RNNs), transformers are designed to process sequential input data, such as natural language, with applications towards tasks such as translation and text summarization. However, unlike RNNs, transformers process the entire input all at once. The attention mechanism provides context for any position in the input sequence. For example, if the input data is a natural language sentence, the transformer does not have to process one word at a time. This allows for more parallelization than RNNs and therefore reduces training times.
Transformers were introduced in 2017 by a team at Google Brain and are increasingly becoming the model of choice for NLP problems, replacing RNN models such as long short-term memory (LSTM). The additional training parallelization allows training on larger datasets. This led to the development of pretrained systems such as BERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers) and GPT (Generative Pre-trained Transformer), which were trained with large language datasets, such as the Wikipedia Corpus and Common Crawl, and can be fine-tuned for specific tasks.
RESPONSE N56 ID1014
This paper is by Vaswani, Ashish & Shazeer, Noam & Parmar, Niki & Uszkoreit, Jakob & Jones, Llion & Gomez, Aidan & Kaiser, Lukasz & Polosukhin, Illia. and published in 2017. It laid the foundation for the subsequent GPT series of models and BERT series of models. The GPT model uses the decoder part of Transfomer, while the BERT model uses the encoder part of Transfomer. The main core architecture of the Transformer model includes: Self-Attention Mechanism, Positional Encoding, Encoder-Decoder Architecture, Multi-Head Attension.
Transformer effectively solves the difficult parallel problem of the previous RNN/LSTM model by using the Attention mechanism. Using Self-Attention solves the problem of limited labeled data in NLP. The sequence information in the input text is preserved through Positional Encoding. And Multi-Head Attention allows Transformer to learn different patterns of training data similar to Channel concept in CNN model.
INSTRUCTION N57 ID5010
Classify each of the following as a city, state, or country: Dallas, Bozeman, Kentucky, Ohio, USA, Canada
CONTEXT N57 ID5010

RESPONSE N57 ID5010
Dallas: City
Bozeman: City
Kentucky: State
Ohio: State
USA: Country
Canada: Country
INSTRUCTION N58 ID1531
Classify each job as a "blue collar" or "white collar" job: auditor, electrician, plumber, data scientist, financial analyst, construction worker
CONTEXT N58 ID1531

RESPONSE N58 ID1531
Auditor: White Collar
Electrician: Blue Collar
Plumber: Blue Collar
Data Scientist: White Collar
Financial Analyst: White Collar
Construction Worker: Blue Collar
INSTRUCTION N59 ID4546
What is Sunset?
CONTEXT N59 ID4546
Sunset, also known as sundown, is the daily disappearance of the Sun below the horizon due to Earth's rotation. As viewed from everywhere on Earth (except the North and South poles), the equinox Sun sets due west at the moment of both the spring and autumn equinoxes. As viewed from the Northern Hemisphere, the Sun sets to the northwest (or not at all) in the spring and summer, and to the southwest in the autumn and winter; these seasons are reversed for the Southern Hemisphere.
The time of sunset is defined in astronomy as the moment when the upper limb of the Sun disappears below the horizon. Near the horizon, atmospheric refraction causes sunlight rays to be distorted to such an extent that geometrically the solar disk is already about one diameter below the horizon when a sunset is observed.
Sunset is distinct from twilight, which is divided into three stages. The first one is civil twilight, which begins once the Sun has disappeared below the horizon, and continues until it descends to 6 degrees below the horizon. The second phase is nautical twilight, between 6 and 12 degrees below the horizon. The third phase is astronomical twilight, which is the period when the Sun is between 12 and 18 degrees below the horizon. Dusk is at the very end of astronomical twilight, and is the darkest moment of twilight just before night. Finally, night occurs when the Sun reaches 18 degrees below the horizon and no longer illuminates the sky.
Locations further north than the Arctic Circle and further south than the Antarctic Circle experience no full sunset or sunrise on at least one day of the year, when the polar day or the polar night persists continuously for 24 hours.
RESPONSE N59 ID4546
Sunset is the daily disappearance of the Sun below the horizon due to Earth's rotation.
INSTRUCTION N60 ID6544
Classify each of the following as either round or square shape: wheel, paper napkin, building block, ring, coin, ball, grid, bread, bubble, dice, hula hoop, window, stamp, earth, crossword, tambourine, bagel, keyboard key, cube, letter O.
CONTEXT N60 ID6544

RESPONSE N60 ID6544
Objects that have circular (round) shape include: bagel, ball, bubble, coin, earth, hula hoop, letter O, ring, tambourine, wheel.
Objects that have square shape include: bread, building blocks, crossword, cube, dice, grid, keyboard key, paper napkin, stamp, window.
INSTRUCTION N61 ID11919
What is a standing wheelchair?
CONTEXT N61 ID11919
A standing wheelchair (also known as a standing chair, a wheeled stander or a stander) is assistive technology, similar to a standing frame, that allows a wheelchair user to raise the chair from a seated to a standing position. The standing wheelchair supports the person in a standing position and enables interaction with people and objects at eye level.
Types and function
Standing wheelchairs can be either manually operated, have power-operated wheels but manual lifting mechanisms or be fully powered with, for example, hydraulic lifting mechanisms. They are used both to achieve regular mobility and to stand the person up using hydraulics or other power sources. Some standing wheelchairs may be driven from the standing position, however there is some medical concern of an increased risk of long bone fractures while driving due to the legs being under a heavy load.
RESPONSE N61 ID11919
A standing wheelchair is assistive technology that allows a wheelchair user to riase the char from a seated to a standing position.
INSTRUCTION N62 ID14649
How many inhabitants of Lone Pine survived as a result of the earthquake? Tell me how you came to that conclusion.
CONTEXT N62 ID14649
The earthquake occurred on a Tuesday morning and leveled almost all the buildings in Lone Pine and nearby settlements. Of the estimated 250–300 inhabitants of Lone Pine, 27 are known to have perished and 52 of the 59 houses were destroyed. One report states that the main buildings were thrown down in almost every town in Inyo County. About 130 kilometers (81 mi) south of Lone Pine, at Indian Wells, adobe houses sustained cracks. Property loss has been estimated at $250,000 (equivalent to $5,654,861 in 2021). As in many earthquakes, adobe, stone and masonry structures fared worse than wooden ones which prompted the closing of nearby Camp Independence which was an adobe structure destroyed in the quake.
RESPONSE N62 ID14649
It is estimated that between 223 and 273 inhabitants of Lone Pine survived the earthquake.
The passage shows that there was "an estimated 250–300 inhabitants of Lone Pine" and that "27 are known to have perished". If we subtract 27 from 250, you get 223, and if we subtract 27 from 300, we get 273. Therefore, it can be estimated that the number of inhabitants that survived the earthquake is between 223 and 273.
INSTRUCTION N63 ID11980
Are there companies that build a plane end to end?
CONTEXT N63 ID11980
Few companies produce planes on a large scale. However, the production of a plane for one company is a process that actually involves dozens, or even hundreds, of other companies and plants, that produce the parts that go into the plane. For example, one company can be responsible for the production of the landing gear, while another one is responsible for the radar. The production of such parts is not limited to the same city or country; in the case of large plane manufacturing companies, such parts can come from all over the world.
The parts are sent to the main plant of the plane company, where the production line is located. In the case of large planes, production lines dedicated to the assembly of certain parts of the plane can exist, especially the wings and the fuselage
RESPONSE N63 ID11980
A plane is typically not created by a single entity, but instead is a collaboration between numerous parts manufacturers and assemblers.
INSTRUCTION N64 ID13860
In Africa, were cattle domesticated before or after agriculture?
CONTEXT N64 ID13860
The domestication of cattle in Africa preceded agriculture and seems to have existed alongside hunter-gatherer cultures. It is speculated that by 6000 BCE, cattle were domesticated in North Africa. In the Sahara-Nile complex, people domesticated many animals, including the donkey and a small screw-horned goat which was common from Algeria to Nubia.
Between 10,000 and 9,000 BCE, pottery was independently invented in the region of Mali in the savannah of West Africa.
In the steppes and savannahs of the Sahara and Sahel in Northern West Africa, people possibly ancestral to modern Nilo-Saharan and Mandé cultures started to collect wild millet, around 8000 to 6000 BCE. Later, gourds, watermelons, castor beans, and cotton were also collected. Sorghum was first domesticated in Eastern Sudan around 4000 BCE, in one of the earliest instances of agriculture in human history. Its cultivation would gradually spread across Africa, before spreading to India around 2000 BCE.
RESPONSE N64 ID13860
In Africa, cattle were domesticated before agriculture.
INSTRUCTION N65 ID9766
Which parts on earth cannot view a sunset?
CONTEXT N65 ID9766
Sunset, also known as sundown, is the daily disappearance of the Sun below the horizon due to Earth's rotation. As viewed from everywhere on Earth (except the North and South poles), the equinox Sun sets due west at the moment of both the spring and autumn equinoxes. As viewed from the Northern Hemisphere, the Sun sets to the northwest (or not at all) in the spring and summer, and to the southwest in the autumn and winter; these seasons are reversed for the Southern Hemisphere.
The time of sunset is defined in astronomy as the moment when the upper limb of the Sun disappears below the horizon. Near the horizon, atmospheric refraction causes sunlight rays to be distorted to such an extent that geometrically the solar disk is already about one diameter below the horizon when a sunset is observed.
Sunset is distinct from twilight, which is divided into three stages. The first one is civil twilight, which begins once the Sun has disappeared below the horizon, and continues until it descends to 6 degrees below the horizon. The second phase is nautical twilight, between 6 and 12 degrees below the horizon. The third phase is astronomical twilight, which is the period when the Sun is between 12 and 18 degrees below the horizon. Dusk is at the very end of astronomical twilight, and is the darkest moment of twilight just before night. Finally, night occurs when the Sun reaches 18 degrees below the horizon and no longer illuminates the sky.
Locations further north than the Arctic Circle and further south than the Antarctic Circle experience no full sunset or sunrise on at least one day of the year, when the polar day or the polar night persists continuously for 24 hours.
RESPONSE N65 ID9766
Sunset can be viewed from everywhere on Earth except the North and South poles.
INSTRUCTION N66 ID14498
How far is Hornowek from Izabelin?
CONTEXT N66 ID14498
Hornówek [xɔrˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Izabelin, 8 km (5 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
RESPONSE N66 ID14498
Hornowek is roughly 2 kilometers (1 mile) south west of Izabelin.
INSTRUCTION N67 ID11956
What is the difference between algebra and calculus?
CONTEXT N67 ID11956

RESPONSE N67 ID11956
Algebra and Calculus are closely related as much as one has to constantly use algebra while doing calculus. Being familiar with algebra, makes one feel comfortable with calculus. Algebra will let you grasp topics in calculus better and vice versa. But we can also do an analysis of algebra vs calculus. 
Algebra focuses on solving equations whereas calculus is primarily focused on the rate of change of functions.The two main operations of calculus are differentiation (find the rate of change of a function) and integration (find the area under a curve of a function).  Calculus deals with operations on functions and their derivatives whereas algebra deals with operations on variables and numbers
INSTRUCTION N68 ID12075
Based on the passage provided, who is allowed to drive the beach strand route that connects Bald Head Island and Fort Fisher?
CONTEXT N68 ID12075
Bald Head Island, historically Smith Island, is a village located on the east side of the Cape Fear River in Brunswick County, North Carolina, United States. Compared to the nearby city of Wilmington to the north, the village of Bald Head Island is small and somewhat remote. It is accessible by ferry from the nearby town of Southport and by four-wheel drive vehicle along the beach strand from Fort Fisher to the north. Only government officials are allowed to drive the beach strand route. There are few cars on the island; instead, residents drive modified electric golf carts. Bald Head Island is nationally recognized for its sea turtle nesting activity.
The population of the village was 158 at the 2010 census. The village is part of the Wilmington metropolitan area.
The village is revered for its picturesque nature and is a popular location for vacationing. It was the primary filming location for the film Weekend at Bernie's in 1989 as well as a major location in The Butcher's Wife in 1991. "Old Baldy", its out-of-service lighthouse built in 1817, is the oldest still standing in the state.
RESPONSE N68 ID12075
Only government officials are allowed to drive the beach strand route that connects Fort Fisher and Bald Head Island.
INSTRUCTION N69 ID12539
from this blob of text about gosberton clough, to which city does the river flow to?
CONTEXT N69 ID12539
Gosberton Clough is a village in the civil parish of Gosberton and the South Holland district of Lincolnshire, England. It is 30 miles (50 km) south-east from the city and county town of Lincoln, 5 miles (8 km) north from the nearest large town of Spalding, and 3 miles (5 km) west-southwest from parish village of Gosberton.
Gosberton Clough and the village Risegate to the east are conjoined as a 2 miles (3 km) linear settlement on the east to west B1397 road which runs along the south side of Risegate Eau (drain). Within Gosberton Clough the B1397 is named 'Clough Road', and in Risegate, 'Risegate Road', the villages separated at a bridge over the Risegate Eau at the junction with Chesboule Lane, running north, and Beach Lane, running south. The B1397 and the village is mirrored at the north of Risegate Eau by the parallel 'Siltside' (road). The Risegate Eau starts 2 miles (3 km) west at the South Forty-Foot Drain, then flows through the village, and reaches the River Welland at the Risegate Outfall sluice in Algarkirk Marsh, 7 miles (11 km) to the east. The north to south Hammond Beck intersects Risegate Eau at the west of the village, alongside of which is Beck Bank (road).
RESPONSE N69 ID12539
Towards Lincoln, England
INSTRUCTION N70 ID13305
which of the following are ex indian prime ministers?
rajiv gandhi
rahul gandhi
manmohan singh
sonia gandhi
atal bihari vajpayee
kapil sibal
ak antony
jawaharlal nehru
CONTEXT N70 ID13305

RESPONSE N70 ID13305
Ex indian prime ministers:
rajiv gandhi
manmohan singh
atal bihari vajpayee
jawaharlal nehru
INSTRUCTION N71 ID6914
How to start a side hustle
CONTEXT N71 ID6914

RESPONSE N71 ID6914
Participate in paid online surveys
Get paid to test apps and websites
Transcribe videos, phone calls, and other recordings
Become a rideshare driver
Deliver groceries
Rent out your home to vacationers
Deliver food
Become an affiliate marketer
Tutor online
Walk dogs and pet-sit
Start a blog on Substack
Deliver packages
Sell your photography
Start a podcast
Design and sell your own t-shirts
Wash cars
Start a social media page and build income through sponsorships
Give tours of your neighborhood
Create and sell your own handmade goods
Mow lawns and do other landscaping tasks
Start a dropshipping business
Create a clothing line
Start a YouTube channel
Sell digital products
INSTRUCTION N72 ID8877
What is the difference between a GPU and a CPU?
CONTEXT N72 ID8877

RESPONSE N72 ID8877
Central processing unit (CPU) and a graphics processing unit (GPU) have very different roles. The CPU can have multiple processing cores and is commonly referred to as the brain of the computer. It is essential to all modern computing systems as it executes the commands and processes needed for your computer and operating system. The CPU is also important in determining how fast programs can run, from surfing the web to building spreadsheets. The GPU is a processor that is made up of many smaller and more specialized cores. By working together, the cores deliver massive performance when a processing task can be divided up and processed across many cores.
While CPUs and GPUs have a lot in common - Both are critical computing engines. Both are silicon-based microprocessors. And both handle data - they do have different architectures and are built for different purposes.
The CPU is suited to a wide variety of workloads, especially those for which latency or per-core performance are important. A powerful execution engine, the CPU focuses its smaller number of cores on individual tasks and on getting things done quickly. This makes it uniquely well equipped for jobs ranging from serial computing to running databases.
GPUs began as specialized ASICs developed to accelerate specific 3D rendering tasks. Over time, these fixed-function engines became more programmable and more flexible. While graphics and the increasingly lifelike visuals of today’s top games remain their principal function, GPUs have evolved to become more general-purpose parallel processors as well, handling a growing range of applications.
INSTRUCTION N73 ID13829
Who owns Ritz Crackers?
CONTEXT N73 ID13829
Ritz Crackers is a brand of snack cracker introduced by Nabisco in 1934. The original style crackers are disc-shaped, lightly salted, and approximately 46 millimetres (1.8 in) in diameter.[citation needed]. Each cracker has seven perforations and a finely scalloped edge. Today, the Ritz cracker brand is owned by Mondelēz International.
A single serving of the original cracker (about 5 crackers or 15 grams) provides 330 kilojoules (79 kilocalories) of food energy, 1 gram of protein, and 4 grams of fat; the whole wheat variety provides 290 kJ (70 kcal) and 2.5 grams of fat.
RESPONSE N73 ID13829
Ritz was originally owned by the consumer product brand Nabisco, although after changing ownership, it is owned by Mondelēz International.
INSTRUCTION N74 ID7473
What is separation anxiety in dogs?
CONTEXT N74 ID7473
Separation anxiety in dogs describes a condition in which a dog exhibits distress and behavior problems when separated from its handler. Separation anxiety typically manifests within minutes of departure of the handler. It is not fully understood why some dogs suffer from separation anxiety and others do not. The diagnosis process often leads to a misdiagnosis as it is difficult to differentiate from other medical and behavioral problems. The behavior may be secondary to an underlying medical condition. With chronic stress, impairments to physiological health can manifest. Increased stress in the dog alters hormone levels, thus decreasing natural immunity to various health problems.
Signs and symptoms
Dogs suffering from separation anxiety typically exhibit these behaviors:
Following handler excessively
Pacing
Excessive salivating
Excessive shaking (usually seen in smaller breeds like the Chihuahua and Yorkshire Terrier)
Vomiting
Destructive chewing
Barking, howling, whining
Urination, defecation in the house
Coprophagia
Self harm
Digging and scratching at doors or windows in an attempt to reunite with the handler
Escaping
Anorexia
Overactivity (excessive greeting, restlessness)
Cause
The cause of dog separation anxiety is unknown, but may be triggered by:
a traumatic event
a change in routine
major life change (e.g., new home, new baby, death of a family member, abandonment to a shelter)
extreme attachment or dependency on the owner
RESPONSE N74 ID7473
Separation anxiety in dogs describes a condition in which a dog exhibits distress and behavior problems when separated from its handler. It can be triggered by traumatic events such as being bitten by other dogs, being mistreated, changes in routes, and major life changes such as new pets or children being added to the family.
It it is not fully understood why some dogs suffer from separation anxiety. The diagnosis process often leads to a misdiagnosis as it is difficult to differentiate from other medical and behavioral problems. The behavior may be secondary to an underlying medical condition. With chronic stress, impairments to physiological health can manifest. Increased stress in the dog alters hormone levels, thus decreasing natural immunity to various health problems.
INSTRUCTION N75 ID14655
Why is pricing important in the overall strategy of a product?
CONTEXT N75 ID14655

RESPONSE N75 ID14655
When different profit levers like price, variable cost, fixed cost, volume of goods sold are compared, studies show that a 1% improvement in price can create the maximum operating profit improvement of 11.5% compared to only 2.3% through fixed costs. This goes to show that pricing can have a monumental impact on the bottom line. 
This can be achieved by understanding different pricing strategies and how they can be executed through pricing tactics. The different pricing strategy includes using - 1. Cost-side factors (like fixed, variable costs, incremental break-even analysis); 2. Customer-side factors (like Economic Value Analysis (EVA); Price Elasticity of Demand; Measuring willingness to pay) 3. Competitive environment factors. 
Based on the business context, these strategies can be implemented with tacts like price discrimination (e.g., bundling); non-linear pricing; price promotions (e.g., hi-lo pricing); and most of all understanding consumer psychology with respect to pricing (anchoring effect, decoy pricing, compromise effect, charm pricing, etc).
INSTRUCTION N76 ID13419
What is the nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy of proteins?
CONTEXT N76 ID13419

RESPONSE N76 ID13419
Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy of proteins (usually abbreviated protein NMR) is a field of structural biology in which NMR spectroscopy is used to obtain information about the structure and dynamics of proteins, and also nucleic acids, and their complexes. The field was pioneered by Richard R. Ernst and Kurt Wüthrich at the ETH, and by Ad Bax, Marius Clore, Angela Gronenborn at the NIH, and Gerhard Wagner at Harvard University, among others. Structure determination by NMR spectroscopy usually consists of several phases, each using a separate set of highly specialized techniques. The sample is prepared, measurements are made, interpretive approaches are applied, and a structure is calculated and validated.
NMR involves the quantum-mechanical properties of the central core ("nucleus") of the atom. These properties depend on the local molecular environment, and their measurement provides a map of how the atoms are linked chemically, how close they are in space, and how rapidly they move with respect to each other. These properties are fundamentally the same as those used in the more familiar magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), but the molecular applications use a somewhat different approach, appropriate to the change of scale from millimeters (of interest to radiologists) to nanometers (bonded atoms are typically a fraction of a nanometer apart), a factor of a million. This change of scale requires much higher sensitivity of detection and stability for long term measurement. In contrast to MRI, structural biology studies do not directly generate an image, but rely on complex computer calculations to generate three-dimensional molecular models.
Currently most samples are examined in a solution in water, but methods are being developed to also work with solid samples. Data collection relies on placing the sample inside a powerful magnet, sending radio frequency signals through the sample, and measuring the absorption of those signals. Depending on the environment of atoms within the protein, the nuclei of individual atoms will absorb different frequencies of radio signals. Furthermore, the absorption signals of different nuclei may be perturbed by adjacent nuclei. This information can be used to determine the distance between nuclei. These distances in turn can be used to determine the overall structure of the protein.
A typical study might involve how two proteins interact with each other, possibly with a view to developing small molecules that can be used to probe the normal biology of the interaction ("chemical biology") or to provide possible leads for pharmaceutical use (drug development). Frequently, the interacting pair of proteins may have been identified by studies of human genetics, indicating the interaction can be disrupted by unfavorable mutations, or they may play a key role in the normal biology of a "model" organism like the fruit fly, yeast, the worm C. elegans, or mice. To prepare a sample, methods of molecular biology are typically used to make quantities by bacterial fermentation. This also permits changing the isotopic composition of the molecule, which is desirable because the isotopes behave differently and provide methods for identifying overlapping NMR signals.
INSTRUCTION N77 ID8262
Evaluate the below poem "since feeling is first" by ee cummings and provide a summary of its meaning.
CONTEXT N77 ID8262
since feeling is first
who pays any attention
to the syntax of things
will never wholly kiss you;
wholly to be a fool
while Spring is in the world
my blood approves,
and kisses are a better fate
than wisdom
lady i swear by all flowers. Don’t cry
– the best gesture of my brain is less than
your eyelids’ flutter which says
we are for each other; then
laugh, leaning back in my arms
for life’s not a paragraph
And death i think is no parenthesis
RESPONSE N77 ID8262
Since feeling is first is a love poem, written to an unknown recipient that appears to share a close relationship with the writer. The poem employs an unorthodox syntactic structure to highlight how logic and rationality (i.e. thinking) can interfere with one's ability to embrace the love and beauty that exists in life via feelings. There are numerous examples in the poem that support the primacy of feeling over thinking ("kisses are a better fate than wisdom", "the best gesture of my brain is less than your eyelids' flutter"). 
Grammatical terms appear in the final lines as a metaphor describing the poet's thoughts on life and death. The statement that "life is not a paragraph" suggests that life is a collection of feelings and experiences that cannot be summarized adequately on paper. The author's mention that "death i think is no parenthesis" indicates that for him, death does not explain or provide meaning to the life that was lived before it, since parenthesis are typically used to clarify the prior passage.
INSTRUCTION N78 ID8646
What are some of the oldest civilizations starting?
CONTEXT N78 ID8646

RESPONSE N78 ID8646
The oldest known urban civilization dates back 4000-3500 B.C and is known as Mesopotamia (meaning, between two rivers) which is modern day Iraq, Kuwait and Syria. Some of the Mesopotamian advancements includes Code of Hammurabi, Babylonian astronomy and the base 60 numeric system (that became the foundation of 60-second, 60 minute and 360-degree circle. 
Ancient Egyptian civilization(3100 BC) which was one of the most powerful empires that existed for almost 3000 years. It was based around the Nile river which today would extend from Syria to Sudan. Apart from the pyramids, they are famous for tombs, mummification and mausoleums. They also developed the 24-hour day along with 365 days calendar. The civilization ended around 332 B.C when Alexander the Great conquered it successfully. 
Around 2500 B.C., thrived the Indus valley civilization. The name comes from the Indus river valley that comprises modern day India, Pakistan and Afghanistan. It is deemed to be one of the most sophisticated civilization with organized city planning  with proper sewage and water supply systems. They were also extremely prolific inventors giving standardized weights and measures, metallurgy with copper, bronze, lead, and tin and seal carving. There is still debate among the historians and there are certain studies that suggests that Indus valley civilization might have pre-dated both ancient Egyptian and Mesopotamian. Irrespective, there is more unknown than known about this civilization. It is believed that climate change caused the decline of this extremely future forward civilization around 1700 B.C.
INSTRUCTION N79 ID10748
Tell me three ways to get coconut from a coconut tree
CONTEXT N79 ID10748

RESPONSE N79 ID10748
Here are the three ways to get coconut from a coconut tree
1) Using a pole and saw:
Attach a curved saw to end of a very long stick. Make sure the saw does not fall when you pull on the coconut.Stand away from the bottom of the tree at a safe distance and hook the saw on to the stem of the coconut and pull down. 
2) Using foot strap to climb:
Make a foot strap out of a cloth or a rope and climb on the coconut tree by gripping the tree with your hand and the knot on your legs. Make sure the loop around your feet is stretched tight against the tree. Once you reach the top of the tree, you can cut a coconut with a knife that you carried on your belt
3) Using a ladder to climb:
This method is useful for shorter coconut trees. Keep the ladder slanting against the coconut tree on a stable ground. Make sure the ladder is stable while you climb. Climb up the ladder and once you can reach the coconut, cut it out with a knife.
INSTRUCTION N80 ID3535
What is the Zhou Dynasty?
CONTEXT N80 ID3535
Dynasties in Chinese history, or Chinese dynasties, were hereditary monarchical regimes that ruled over China during much of its history. From the legendary inauguration of dynastic rule by Yu the Great circa 2070 BC to the abdication of the Xuantong Emperor on 12 February 1912 in the wake of the Xinhai Revolution, China was ruled by a series of successive dynasties. Dynasties of China were not limited to those established by ethnic Han—the dominant Chinese ethnic group—and its predecessor, the Huaxia tribal confederation, but also included those founded by non-Han peoples.
Dividing Chinese history into periods ruled by dynasties is a convenient method of periodization. Accordingly, a dynasty may be used to delimit the era during which a family reigned, as well as to describe events, trends, personalities, artistic compositions, and artifacts of that period. For example, porcelain made during the Ming dynasty may be referred to as "Ming porcelain". The word "dynasty" is usually omitted when making such adjectival references.
The longest-reigning orthodox dynasty of China was the Zhou dynasty, ruling for a total length of 789 years, albeit it is divided into the Western Zhou and the Eastern Zhou in Chinese historiography, and its power was drastically reduced during the latter part of its rule. The largest orthodox Chinese dynasty in terms of territorial size was either the Yuan dynasty or the Qing dynasty, depending on the historical source.[
RESPONSE N80 ID3535
The Zhou Dynasty was the longest ruling Chinese monarchical regime, ruling China for a total of 789 years.
INSTRUCTION N81 ID14762
Why is backcountry skiing fun?
CONTEXT N81 ID14762

RESPONSE N81 ID14762
Backcountry skiers get to enjoy a moderate hike uphill in a beautiful winter environment. Then they get to shred untracked powder.
The only reason why backcountry skiing is not world class is because of the potentially deadly danger of avalanches.
INSTRUCTION N82 ID10022
Give me two examples of an Act of independent significance. Separate them in a list.
CONTEXT N82 ID10022
The doctrine of acts of independent significance at common law permits a testator to effectively change the disposition of his property without changing a will, if acts or events changing the disposition have some significance beyond avoiding the requirements of the will.
The doctrine is frequently applied under the following two circumstances:
    The testator devises assets to a class of beneficiaries where the testator controls membership. For example, Joey leaves the contents of his bank account "to my employees." If Joey then fires some of old employees and hires new ones, the new employees will inherit the contents of the bank account under this provision.
    The testator devises a general type of property, and then changes the specific items of property within that category. For example, Joey writes in his will, "I leave my car to Rachel". Joey drives a 1974 AMC Gremlin at the time of the testamentary instrument, but later sells the Gremlin and purchases a 2016 Rolls-Royce Phantom Drophead Coupé with suicide doors and teak paneling. Because Joey bought a new car to get a more comfortable ride, rather than to change a will without going through the testamentary formalities, the gift to Rachel remains enforceable.
RESPONSE N82 ID10022
- Joey leaves the contents of his bank account "to my employees." If Joey then fires some of the old employees and hires new ones, the new employees will inherit the contents of the bank account under this provision.
- Joey writes in his will, "I leave my car to Rachel". Joey drives an old car at the time of the testamentary instrument, but later sells the Gremlin and purchases a new car. Because Joey bought a new car to get a more comfortable ride, rather than to change a will without going through the testamentary formalities, the gift to Rachel remains enforceable.
INSTRUCTION N83 ID12506
What is the best way to make a camp fire
CONTEXT N83 ID12506

RESPONSE N83 ID12506
Nothing screams camping out in the wilderness like building a campfire.   The memories, conversations, scents, roasted marshmallows, and crackling of the wood are all part of the experience.   In order to build a strong campfire, you need to perform the following steps.
Step 1.  Clear a perimeter that is roughly 12 feet in diameter.   Make sure you are in an open area, where tree limbs are not hanging over the campfire to avoid secondary fires.   Before you start the fire, get all of the necessary components such as dry kindle/twigs, larger sticks, and larger logs, paper, and lighter
Step 2.   Build a small tepee shape with the dry kindle and dry small logs.    I would recommend adding paper with the kindle to assist in starting the fire.
Step 3.  Stack larger sticks around the teepee structure in a square formation.   Build up multiple levels, so the square structue is higher than the teepee.   This will help the fire expand and spread to the surrounding structure.
Step 4.  Light the paper in the teepee with a match or lighter, and watch the  dry kindle  start to catch.    At this early stage, you will most likely see smoke.   You may need to blow on the teepee structure lightly in order to add some oxygen to the fire and help it catch to the larger sticks square structure.
Step 5.  Once the square structure begins to light, start to add larger logs diagonally across the structure.   The diagonal formation will fuel the fire, and expand upwards .
Step 6.  Keep adding larger logs to maintain the fire.   With the prior kindle, sticks, and logs already hot, adding the new larger logs will burn quickly and self ignite.
Step 7.   When you are done enjoying the fire, have a couple of buckets of water nearby to extinguish it.   Do not leave the campfire unattended as the hot coals and wind could cause a unintended spread.
INSTRUCTION N84 ID2014
What is the difference between check and checkmate?
CONTEXT N84 ID2014
When a king is under immediate attack, it is said to be in check. A move in response to a check is legal only if it results in a position where the king is no longer in check. This can involve capturing the checking piece; interposing a piece between the checking piece and the king (which is possible only if the attacking piece is a queen, rook, or bishop and there is a square between it and the king); or moving the king to a square where it is not under attack. Castling is not a permissible response to a check.
The object of the game is to checkmate the opponent; this occurs when the opponent's king is in check, and there is no legal way to get it out of check. It is never legal for a player to make a move that puts or leaves the player's own king in check. In casual games, it is common to announce "check" when putting the opponent's king in check, but this is not required by the rules of chess and is usually not done in tournaments.
RESPONSE N84 ID2014
When a king is about to be captured in the next opponents move, then the king is in check. If the king cannot get out of check, then the king is checkmated and loses the game
INSTRUCTION N85 ID123
write a short essay on California wild fire
CONTEXT N85 ID123

RESPONSE N85 ID123
California is known for its hot, dry summers, which increase the risk of wildfires. Every year, the state experiences dozens of fires, which can be devastating to both the environment and people's homes and businesses.
In recent years, California has seen some of the worst wildfires in its history, with tens of thousands of acres of land destroyed and hundreds of homes lost. These fires are often started by a combination of high temperatures, dry conditions, and strong winds, which can quickly spread flames and make them difficult to control.
The effects of these fires are felt not just by those directly impacted, but by everyone in the state. Smoke and ash from the fires can cause respiratory problems and other health issues, and the destruction of habitats can harm wildlife populations and disrupt entire ecosystems.
Despite the challenges, California has made significant progress in fighting wildfires in recent years. The state has invested in new technologies and equipment to help firefighters respond more quickly and effectively to fires, and has increased efforts to prevent fires from starting in the first place.
While wildfires will likely always be a risk in California, the state's proactive approach to managing them gives hope that we can continue to protect people, wildlife, and the environment from their devastating effects.
INSTRUCTION N86 ID6290
Write a polite e-mail from my cat to the neighbor's cat, asking it to please stay out of his special area of the lawn.
CONTEXT N86 ID6290

RESPONSE N86 ID6290
Dear Mittens,
How are you? It's been a lovely summer so far, and I can see that you are enjoying the great outdoors like I am. Our backyard has some lovely sunny spots to warm up in. You are most welcome to visit whenever you like. However, may I make one request? The southwest corner of the lawn beyond the oak tree is my special warming spot. I regularly use it and would be grateful if you could instead use another area if you visit, like the concrete slab immediately west.
Gratefully,
Grumpers
INSTRUCTION N87 ID7335
How long did the Henry Holst String Quartet last with its original group of members based on this text? Explain your work.
CONTEXT N87 ID7335
The Henry Holst String Quartet was founded by the Danish violinist Henry Holst in 1931. Holst had studied at the Royal Danish Conservatory under Axel Gade and Carl Nielsen. In 1923, he was appointed leader of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, but in 1931 he moved to Manchester as a Professor at the Royal Manchester College of Music.
The move to Manchester led to the formation of the Henry Holst String Quartet with Charles Taylor (second violin), Herbert Downes (viola) and Anthony Pini (cello). The ensemble was recognised as fine quartet, touring extensively in the UK and broadcasting on BBC Radio. They played a number of times in Liverpool for the Rodewald Concert Society in the 1934 and 1937 seasons.
Ernest Element (2nd violin) and Frank Venton (viola) also sometimes played for the quartet. Herbert Downes left to lead his own quartet in 1935. Charles Taylor also left to found his own quartet and was replaced by Reginald Stead as second violin. Reginald Stead later became the leader of the BBC Northern Orchestra. Anthony Pini joined the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1932 and was replaced by John C Hock as cellist. The Henry Holst Quartet finally disbanded when Henry Holst formed the Philharmonia Quartet in 1941 at the instigation of Walter Legge to record for Columbia Records.
RESPONSE N87 ID7335
It lasted for one year before an original member left. The first member to leave was Anthony Pini in 1932. The band was founded when Holst moved to Manchester in 1931. There is one year between these dates.
INSTRUCTION N88 ID13984
5 ways on prem is better than cloud
CONTEXT N88 ID13984

RESPONSE N88 ID13984
Will have absolute control 
Will have no external factors
It support safety requirements, and have the tools to ensure first-class safety
Full control over the data since it is stored locally
System can be customised according to your business
INSTRUCTION N89 ID10159
What is abstract class?
CONTEXT N89 ID10159

RESPONSE N89 ID10159
A generic class that is used only as a template for derived classes, and
that cannot be instantiated.
INSTRUCTION N90 ID11690
How to make a cup of yummy chai?
CONTEXT N90 ID11690

RESPONSE N90 ID11690
Boil a cup of water, add a slice of ginger and some mint leaves. After a few minutes, add a table spoon of tea leaves and then finally add milk and sugar per taste. Boil for two minutes. Finally, filter the chai using a strainer. Voila!
INSTRUCTION N91 ID5964
Where is Przystań?
CONTEXT N91 ID5964
Przystań [ˈpʂɨstaɲ] (German: Pristanien, from 1938-45 Passdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Węgorzewo and 89 km (55 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The village has a population of 80.
RESPONSE N91 ID5964
Przystań is a small village in Poland close to the Russia border. It has a population of 80
INSTRUCTION N92 ID2659
Do i must to hug my wife
CONTEXT N92 ID2659

RESPONSE N92 ID2659
Hugging Improves Relationships.
It's a deeper, more intimate level of connection that you don't get from talking. The second reason is that physical touch causes the release of the love hormone oxytocin, which improves bonding and trust and makes people feel closer to one another.
You should hug your spouse every day as an act of showing your love to them. Giving a hug is one of the simplest ways to show your love. Anytime, anywhere a hug can is a healthy reminder to your spouse of why you love them so much.
INSTRUCTION N93 ID13390
which are the youngest mountain ranges  in the world ?
CONTEXT N93 ID13390
The Himalayan range is one of the youngest mountain ranges on the planet and consists mostly of uplifted sedimentary and metamorphic rock. According to the modern theory of plate tectonics, its formation is a result of a continental collision or orogeny along the convergent boundary (Main Himalayan Thrust) between the Indo-Australian Plate and the Eurasian Plate. The Arakan Yoma highlands in Myanmar and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in the Bay of Bengal were also formed as a result of this collision.
Himalayan ranges passes though countries like India, Nepal, Bhutan, Pakistan, and China.
RESPONSE N93 ID13390
The youngest mountains are the Himalayan range passing though India, Nepal, Bhutan, Pakistan, and China
INSTRUCTION N94 ID9748
What is the best method for setting up to hit a golf shot approach to a green?
CONTEXT N94 ID9748

RESPONSE N94 ID9748
When a golfer is setting up to hit a golf short, there are several things they need to take into account. First, they need to understand what club to hit based on the distance to the green, the elevation, wind speed and possibly the contours of the green. For beginning golfers, focusing on the center of the green is probably easiest. More skilled golfers should target areas closer to the pin or that leave them an easier putt or chip. The second step is lining up the shot. It's usually best to approach from the behind the ball to make sure your legs and body are aligned to the target. The target (pin, tree, etc) should take into account a golfers natural tendency to either draw (right to left) or fade (left to right) the ball as well as the direction and strength of the wind. The golfers stance will also affect the trajectory of a ball. If the golfers feet are above the ball or the ball is on a downhill lie, the ball will tend to go to the right. If the golfers feet are below the ball or the ball is on an uphill lie, the ball  will tend to go to the left. For left handed golfers, simple reverse the descriptions.
INSTRUCTION N95 ID134
How do I put a bouquet of fresh flowers in a vase?
CONTEXT N95 ID134

RESPONSE N95 ID134
In order to put fresh flowers in a vase, follow these steps:
1. Find a vase that it is the right size for the flowers. You can use water glasses here in a pinch. 
2. Fill the vase to about two-thirds full with water. You can add a dash of bleach in the water as well, but it is not necessary. 
3. Now, trim your flowers to the size of the vase. Cut the end of each flower in a diagonal cut. 
4. Remove the leaves from the flowers. This will help to grow the flower without putting resources towards the leaves. Be sure to remove any leaves under the water line, since they can cause infections. 
5. Arrange the flowers in the vase. You can adjust the positions until you are happy with the arrangement.
6. Place your vase in a shady spot and you're done!
INSTRUCTION N96 ID13614
Who are the Seven Dwarfs?
CONTEXT N96 ID13614

RESPONSE N96 ID13614
The seven dwarfs are commonly referred as seven fictional characters in the fairy tale Snow White. According to the fairy tale, the seven dwarfs live in a cottage in the wood. Snow White's step mother, the Queen of the kingdom, wants Snow White dead and sends a huntsman to kill her. Snow White escapes form the Queen and hides in the dwarfs cottage. 
When the Queen knows Snow White is still alive, she goes to the dwarfs' cottage in disguise and offer Snow White a magic poisoned apple that causes her to faint. 
When the dwarfs return back that day from work in the mines, they find Snow White unconscious and believe she is dead. The dwarfs place Snow White in a glass coffin.
After some time, a prince finds Snow White in the coffin and kisses her. Snow White wakes up, marries the prince and live happily ever after.
INSTRUCTION N97 ID2647
Tell me whether each animal lives in the water or on land: moose, mountain goat, tuna, oyster, parrot
CONTEXT N97 ID2647

RESPONSE N97 ID2647
Moose: Land
Mountain Goat: Land
Tuna: Water
Oyster: Water
Parrot: Land
INSTRUCTION N98 ID12921
Classify each of the following as a desert or mountain range: Alps, Sahara, Rockies, Appalachian, Arabian, Gobi
CONTEXT N98 ID12921

RESPONSE N98 ID12921
Alps: Mountain Range
Sahara: Desert
Rockies: Mountain Range
Appalachian: Mountain Range
Arabian: Desert
Gobi: Desert
INSTRUCTION N99 ID7611
Given the following information about the speed of light:
Speed of light in vacuum which has a refractive index of 1 is 300Km/sec
Speed of light in water which has a refractive index of 1.3 is 225Km/sec
Speed of light in diamond which has a refractive index of 2.4 is 125Km/sec
Estimate the speed of light in glass which has a refractive index of 1.5
CONTEXT N99 ID7611

RESPONSE N99 ID7611
From the information given we can see the light of speed is inversely proportional the refractive index of the medium. We can estimate the speed of light in glass as speed of light in vacuum divided by the medium's refractive index. In case of glass that would be 300Km/1.5 = 200Km/sec.
The estimated speed of light in glass will be around 200 Km/sec
INSTRUCTION N100 ID14279
What is the measure of electric potential?
CONTEXT N100 ID14279
Electricity is the set of physical phenomena associated with the presence and motion of matter that has a property of electric charge. Electricity is related to magnetism, both being part of the phenomenon of electromagnetism, as described by Maxwell's equations. Various common phenomena are related to electricity, including lightning, static electricity, electric heating, electric discharges and many others.
The presence of either a positive or negative electric charge produces an electric field. The movement of electric charges is an electric current and produces a magnetic field. In most applications, a force acts on a charge with a magnitude given by Coulomb's law. Electric potential is typically measured in volts.
Electricity is at the heart of many modern technologies, being used for:
a. Electric power where electric current is used to energise equipment;
b. Electronics which deals with electrical circuits that involve active electrical components such as vacuum tubes, transistors, diodes and integrated circuits, and associated passive interconnection technologies.
Electrical phenomena have been studied since antiquity, though progress in theoretical understanding remained slow until the 17th and 18th centuries. The theory of electromagnetism was developed in the 19th century, and by the end of that century electricity was being put to industrial and residential use by electrical engineers. The rapid expansion in electrical technology at this time transformed industry and society, becoming a driving force for the Second Industrial Revolution. Electricity's extraordinary versatility means it can be put to an almost limitless set of applications which include transport, heating, lighting, communications, and computation. Electrical power is now the backbone of modern industrial society.
RESPONSE N100 ID14279
Electric potential is typically measured in volts.
INSTRUCTION N101 ID6312
What's the main benefits of a Subaru Forester Wilderness?
CONTEXT N101 ID6312
Alongside the facelift model, Subaru released a new model called the Forester Wilderness for the North American market. It is intended to be a more off-road-oriented version of the Forester, and is positioned between the Limited and Touring trim levels in the Forester lineup. Visually, the Forester has more body cladding, and on the inside, copper-colored accents. It features a 0.5 inches (13 mm) lift for a total of 9.2 inches (230 mm) of ground clearance, the Wilderness also has all-terrain tires, a modified final drive ratio, and a stronger roof rack than previous models. Subaru's StarTex water-repellent seats are also standard.
The Wilderness is powered by the same 2.5-liter FB25D naturally-aspirated four cylinder engine powering other North American market Foresters. The Wilderness uses an Enhanced Dual-Function X-Mode version. The X-Mode is upgraded and re-tuned, with settings for snow, dirt, deep snow and mud. Additional wheel-slip is allowed to occur, which provides an advantage in harsh driving conditions.
RESPONSE N101 ID6312
The Forester Wilderness provides 0.5 inches (13 mm) lift that increases ground clearance to 9.2 inches (230mm). 
The vehicle comes with all-terrain tires, modified final drive ratio, stronger roof rack, and water-repellent seats. 
The engine size is the same, but it includes an enhanced dual-function x-mode with additional wheel-slip allowance to handle harsh driving conditions in snow, dirt, deep snow, and mud.
INSTRUCTION N102 ID10512
Tell me another joke
CONTEXT N102 ID10512

RESPONSE N102 ID10512
Well, if you didn't like the last joke, you won't like this either but here goes...
A pony with a cough is just a little hoarse
INSTRUCTION N103 ID5853
What are the most common sorting algorithms?
CONTEXT N103 ID5853

RESPONSE N103 ID5853
Bubble sort.
Insertion sort.
Merge sort.
Quick sort.
Heap sort.
Counting sort.
Radix sort.
Bucket sort.
INSTRUCTION N104 ID5009
how many strings guitar have?
how guitar projects sound?
what are different types of guitar?
CONTEXT N104 ID5009
The guitar is a fretted musical instrument that typically has six strings. It is usually held flat against the player's body and played by strumming or plucking the strings with the dominant hand, while simultaneously pressing selected strings against frets with the fingers of the opposite hand. A plectrum or individual finger picks may also be used to strike the strings. The sound of the guitar is projected either acoustically, by means of a resonant chamber on the instrument, or amplified by an electronic pickup and an amplifier.
The guitar is classified as a chordophone – meaning the sound is produced by a vibrating string stretched between two fixed points. Historically, a guitar was constructed from wood with its strings made of catgut. Steel guitar strings were introduced near the end of the nineteenth century in the United States, nylon strings came in the 1940s. The guitar's ancestors include the gittern, the vihuela, the four-course Renaissance guitar, and the five-course baroque guitar, all of which contributed to the development of the modern six-string instrument.
There are three main types of modern guitar: the classical guitar (Spanish guitar/nylon-string guitar), the steel-string acoustic guitar or electric guitar, and the Hawaiian guitar (played across the player's lap). Traditional acoustic guitars include the flat top guitar (typically with a large sound hole) or an arch top guitar, which is sometimes called a "jazz guitar". The tone of an acoustic guitar is produced by the strings' vibration, amplified by the hollow body of the guitar, which acts as a resonating chamber. The classical Spanish guitar is often played as a solo instrument using a comprehensive fingerstyle technique where each string is plucked individually by the player's fingers, as opposed to being strummed. The term "finger-picking" can also refer to a specific tradition of folk, blues, bluegrass, and country guitar playing in the United States.
RESPONSE N104 ID5009
A typical guitar have 6 strings but there are other guitars (bass guitar) which have 4-6 strings.
The sound of the guitar is projected either acoustically, by means of a resonant chamber on the instrument, or amplified by an electronic pickup and an amplifier.
There are three main types of modern guitar, the classical guitar, the steel string acoustic guitar or electric guitar, and the Hawaiian guitar which is played across player's lap.
INSTRUCTION N105 ID10781
What are important elements to consider when putting together a team to execute your operating model for AI?
CONTEXT N105 ID10781

RESPONSE N105 ID10781
When building the right team to execute on your operating model for AI it is key to take into account the following elements:
1) How mature is my data foundation: Whether your data is still in silos, stuck in proprietary formats or difficult to access in a unified way will have big implications on the amount of data engineering work and data platform expertise that is required.
2) Infrastructure and platform administration: Whether you need to maintain or leverage as a service offerings can have a huge impact on your overall team composition. Moreover, if your Data and AI platform is made up of multiple services and components the administrative burden of governing and securing data and users and keeping all parts working together can be overwhelming especially at enterprise scale.
3) MLOps: To make the most of AI you need to be able to use it to impact your business. Hiring a full data science team without having the right ML engineering expertise or the right tools to package, test, deploy and monitor is extremely wasteful. There are several steps that go into running effective end-to-end AI applications and your operating model should reflect that in the roles that are involved and in the way model lifecycle management is executed from use case identification, to development to deployment, and perhaps most importantly utilisation.  
These three dimensions should inform your focus and the roles that should be part of your development team. Over time, the prevalence of certain roles might shift as your organisation matures along these dimensions and on the platform decisions that you make.
INSTRUCTION N106 ID3048
Given this reference text on the creation of centaurs, where did the mythology originate?
CONTEXT N106 ID3048
The centaurs were usually said to have been born of Ixion and Nephele. As the story goes, Nephele was a cloud made into the likeness of Hera in a plot to trick Ixion into revealing his lust for Hera to Zeus. Ixion seduced Nephele and from that relationship centaurs were created. Another version, however, makes them children of Centaurus, a man who mated with the Magnesian mares. Centaurus was either himself the son of Ixion and Nephele (inserting an additional generation) or of Apollo and the nymph Stilbe. In the latter version of the story, Centaurus's twin brother was Lapithes, ancestor of the Lapiths.
Another tribe of centaurs was said to have lived on Cyprus. According to Nonnus, they were fathered by Zeus, who, in frustration after Aphrodite had eluded him, spilled his seed on the ground of that land. 
There were also the Lamian Pheres, twelve rustic daimones (spirits) of the Lamos river. They were set by Zeus to guard the infant Dionysos, protecting him from the machinations of Hera, but the enraged goddess transformed them into ox-horned Centaurs. The Lamian Pheres later accompanied Dionysos in his campaign against the Indians.
The centaur's half-human, half-horse composition has led many writers to treat them as liminal beings, caught between the two natures they embody in contrasting myths; they are both the embodiment of untamed nature, as in their battle with the Lapiths (their kin), and conversely, teachers like Chiron.
RESPONSE N106 ID3048
A centaur is a creature from Greek mythology according to this paragraph. It can be inferred because numerous Greek gods were referenced in the passage.
INSTRUCTION N107 ID2035
how can we prevent the best river floods?
CONTEXT N107 ID2035
Prominent levee systems have been built along the Mississippi River and Sacramento River in the United States, and the Po, Rhine, Meuse River, Rhône, Loire, Vistula, the delta formed by the Rhine, Maas/Meuse and Scheldt in the Netherlands and the Danube in Europe. During the Chinese Warring States period, the Dujiangyan irrigation system was built by the Qin as a water conservation and flood control project. The system's infrastructure is located on the Minjiang (Chinese: 岷江; pinyin: Mínjiāng), which is the longest tributary of the Chang Jiang, in Sichuan, China.
The Mississippi levee system represents one of the largest such systems found anywhere in the world. It comprises over 5,600 km (3,500 mi) of levees extending some 1,000 km (620 mi) along the Mississippi, stretching from Cape Girardeau, Missouri, to the Mississippi delta. They were begun by French settlers in Louisiana in the 18th century to protect the city of New Orleans. The first Louisiana levees were about 90 cm (3 ft) high and covered a distance of about 80 km (50 mi) along the riverside. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, in conjunction with the Mississippi River Commission, extended the levee system beginning in 1882 to cover the riverbanks from Cairo, Illinois to the mouth of the Mississippi delta in Louisiana. By the mid-1980s, they had reached their present extent and averaged 7.3 m (24 ft) in height; some Mississippi levees are as high as 15 m (50 ft). The Mississippi levees also include some of the longest continuous individual levees in the world. One such levee extends southwards from Pine Bluff, Arkansas, for a distance of some 610 km (380 mi). The scope and scale of the Mississippi levees has often been compared to the Great Wall of China.
The United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) recommends and supports cellular confinement technology (geocells) as a best management practice. Particular attention is given to the matter of surface erosion, overtopping prevention and protection of levee crest and downstream slope. Reinforcement with geocells provides tensile force to the soil to better resist instability.
Artificial levees can lead to an elevation of the natural river bed over time; whether this happens or not and how fast, depends on different factors, one of them being the amount and type of the bed load of a river. Alluvial rivers with intense accumulations of sediment tend to this behavior. Examples of rivers where artificial levees led to an elevation of the river bed, even up to a point where the river bed is higher than the adjacent ground surface behind the levees, are found for the Yellow River in China and the Mississippi in the United States.
RESPONSE N107 ID2035
Prominent levee systems have been built as a water conservation and flood control project. 
The Mississippi River and Sacramento River in the United States, and the Po, Rhine, Meuse River, Rhône, Loire, Vistula, the delta formed by the Rhine, Maas/Meuse and Scheldt in the Netherlands and the Danube in Europe. The Mississippi levee system represents one of the largest such systems found anywhere in the world
INSTRUCTION N108 ID6862
Classify the below based on whether they are tree or animal.
Deer, Goat, Acacia, Banyan
CONTEXT N108 ID6862

RESPONSE N108 ID6862
Animal - Deer, Goat
Tree - Acacia, Banyan
INSTRUCTION N109 ID6632
Classify the below as food or drinks.
Fish, Meat, Salad, Apple, Lemonade, Coffee, Tea
CONTEXT N109 ID6632

RESPONSE N109 ID6632
Food - Fish, Meat, Salad, Apple
Drinks - Lemonade, Coffee, Tea
INSTRUCTION N110 ID1017
What is the standard Gibbs free energy
CONTEXT N110 ID1017
The standard Gibbs free energy of formation (Gf°) of a compound is the change of Gibbs free energy that accompanies the formation of 1 mole of a substance in its standard state from its constituent elements in their standard states (the most stable form of the element at 1 bar of pressure and the specified temperature, usually 298.15 K or 25 °C).
The table below lists the standard Gibbs function of formation for several elements and chemical compounds and is taken from Lange's Handbook of Chemistry. Note that all values are in kJ/mol. Far more extensive tables can be found in the CRC Handbook of Chemistry and Physics and the NIST JANAF tables. The NIST Chemistry WebBook (see link below) is an online resource that contains standard enthalpy of formation for various compounds along with the standard absolute entropy for these compounds from which the standard Gibbs free energy of formation can be calculated.
RESPONSE N110 ID1017
The standard Gibbs free energy of formation (Gf°) of a compound is the change of Gibbs free energy that accompanies the formation of 1 mole of a substance in its standard state from its constituent elements in their standard states (the most stable form of the element at 1 bar of pressure and the specified temperature, usually 298.15 K or 25 °C).
INSTRUCTION N111 ID1686
You have to Classify each of the following as either a gluten product or a gluten free product and display it according to their categories: sourdough bread, zucchini, barbecue sauce, hummus, amaranth, commercial chocolate milk
CONTEXT N111 ID1686

RESPONSE N111 ID1686
Gluten is a protein found in wheat, barley, and rye. Some people have a gluten intolerance or celiac disease, which means they must avoid gluten in their diet to prevent uncomfortable or harmful symptoms. Gluten-free products are made without these grains and can be a safe alternative for those with gluten intolerance or celiac disease. However, for those without a gluten intolerance or celiac disease, a gluten-free diet may not provide any additional health benefits. 
Here are the those products which are classified as gluten products from the provided list:
1. sourdough bread 
2. barbecue sauce
3. commercial chocolate milk
Here are the those products which are classified as gluten free products from the list provided:
1. zucchini
2. hummus
3. amaranth
INSTRUCTION N112 ID3579
Extract a list of poems and the year they were published in the following form: {Poem name}: {Year published}
And sort the list chronologically
CONTEXT N112 ID3579
Piombino's first published poems appeared in 1965 in American Weave Literary Journal. Throughout the 1970s, he continued to publish in small literary journals, such as The World, Dodgems, Telephone, and Roof.
His first volume of poetry, titled simply Poems, was published by the Sun & Moon Press in 1988 and won an Author's Recognition Award from the Postgraduate Center for Mental Health in 1992.[citation needed] His second chapbook, Light Street, did not appear until 1996. It was followed by Theoretical Objects (1999), a collection of manifestos, aphorisms, essays, and seemingly autobiographical prose poems.
Piombino's poetry took a different turn with Hegelian Honeymoon (2004), in which he moved away from the conventions of Language poetry to explore more traditional forms. Inspired by the poetry that accompanied an exhibition of Japanese calligraphy, the poems are a cross between haiku and aphorism. The poems were originally published on the SUNY/Buffalo poetics list-serve before being published in chapbook form by Chax Press.
RESPONSE N112 ID3579
Sure, here is a chronologically-sorted list of poems and the year they were published:
Poems: 1988
Light Street: 1996
Theoretical Objects: 1999
Hegelian Honeymoon: 2004
INSTRUCTION N113 ID13664
What is the central limit theorem
CONTEXT N113 ID13664
In probability theory, the central limit theorem (CLT) establishes that, in many situations, for identically distributed independent samples, the standardized sample mean tends towards the standard normal distribution even if the original variables themselves are not normally distributed.
The theorem is a key concept in probability theory because it implies that probabilistic and statistical methods that work for normal distributions can be applicable to many problems involving other types of distributions.
This theorem has seen many changes during the formal development of probability theory. Previous versions of the theorem date back to 1811, but in its modern general form, this fundamental result in probability theory was precisely stated as late as 1920, thereby serving as a bridge between classical and modern probability theory.
RESPONSE N113 ID13664
For example, suppose that a sample is obtained containing many observations, each observation being randomly generated in a way that does not depend on the values of the other observations, and that the arithmetic mean of the observed values is computed. If this procedure is performed many times, the central limit theorem says that the probability distribution of the average will closely approximate a normal distribution.
The central limit theorem has several variants. In its common form, the random variables must be independent and identically distributed (i.i.d.). In variants, convergence of the mean to the normal distribution also occurs for non-identical distributions or for non-independent observations, if they comply with certain conditions.
The earliest version of this theorem, that the normal distribution may be used as an approximation to the binomial distribution, is the de Moivre–Laplace theorem.
INSTRUCTION N114 ID2017
Who are the best starting MLB pitchers of all time?
CONTEXT N114 ID2017

RESPONSE N114 ID2017
There are many ways to argue who the best pitchers of all time are.  Some of the criteria to consider are Cy Young Awards, ERA titles, strike out titles and records, post season success, and longevity.  With these criteria heavily considered some of the best MLB pitchers of all time could be as follows.
5. Roger Clemens (The Rocket) pitched for 24 seasons and compiled accolades such as a record holding 7 Cy Young Awards, an MVP title, 5 strike out titles, 7 ERA titles, and won 2 World Series titles. 
4. Pedro Martinez had the 4th highest win percentage in history, won the world series, won 3 Cy Young Awards, an MVP Award, and is one of only 4 pitchers to ever have more than 3,000 strike outs while walking fewer than 1,000.  
3. Randy Johnson (The Big Unit) played for 22 MLB seasons and is the all time record holder for Wins, ranks 2nd all time for strike outs, won 5 Cy Young Awards, won The World Series. 
2. Cy Young is one of the most legendary pitchers of all time and the annual award for the best pitcher in each MLB league is named after him. Some of his many accomplishments are that he is the all time leader for wins, innings pitched, and complete games. 
1. Walter Johnson (The Big Train) was one of the "First Five" inaugurated into the MLB hall of fame.  He is the all time leader in shut outs and was the all time leader for strikeouts for more than 55 years.  He won The World Series and also is the all time leader for leading the league in strike outs 12 times.
INSTRUCTION N115 ID7418
How do you jump start a car?
CONTEXT N115 ID7418

RESPONSE N115 ID7418
1. Make sure both batteries have the same voltage (they probably do unless one car is old). Don’t jump start a frozen battery (it may explode), or a battery with cracks in the casing
Keep metal objects away from the battery. If they cause a spark it could be dangerous.
2. Park the two cars facing each other, close but with enough space to walk in between.
3. Remove the keys from the ignitions, turn off lights/blinkers.
4. Disconnect all accessories (voltage spikes can damage them).
5. Clamp one of the red (positive) clamp to the positive terminal of the dead battery. If there is corrosion on the terminal, clean off or scrape the residue, and/or twist the jaws of the clamp until it cuts through the corrosion and into the metal. Make sure the black clamp of the same end isn’t touching any metal.
6. Connect the other red clamp to the positive terminal of the good battery.
7. Connect the black (negative) clamp to the negative terminal of the good battery.
8. Attach the other black clamp to an unpainted metal surface (e.g. bolt, bracket) on the engine of the car with the dead battery, at least a few inches away from the battery. If a labeled remote negative terminal is available, use it.
9. Confirm that the jumper cables are not near any moving engine parts.
10. Start the booster car, and let it idle for 5 minutes to build up a charge in the dead battery. This will take longer if the dead battery is really empty.
11. Start the car with the dead battery and let the two vehicles idle for a few minutes. If the car doesn’t start, wait a few more minutes and try again. In some instances, slightly revving the engine of the running car while charging the dead battery may help. If it still doesn’t start, it probably won’t.
12. Disconnect the jumper cables reversing the connection order, making sure no disconnected clamps touch any metal or each other
13. Drive the jump-started car for at least 20-30 minutes so it can recharge the battery
Try to keep the jumper cables with you; you may need to jump again the next time you start the car.
INSTRUCTION N116 ID4369
Where are the best places to purchase fabric for your sewing projects?
CONTEXT N116 ID4369

RESPONSE N116 ID4369
Depending on your project, there are a couple of stores that can be your go-to for purchasing supplies, particularly fabric:
1 - Joann has lots of options and frequently has sales and coupons that allow you to get your fabric at a discount. They offer most types of fabrics, but lack lots of options for some specialized ones, like cotton lawn and velvet. They also offer an abundance of other supplies that you might need to complete your project.
2 - Spoonflower is a platform for artists/designers to get their artwork/patterns printed on various types of fabrics. The options range from basic quilting cotton to Belgian linen. This store also frequently has sales to ensure you're getting your fabric at the best price. If you're looking for a specific pattern and unique type of fabric, this is your go-to.
3 - Fabric.com (owned by Amazon) is another great option with multiple types of fabrics at a range of price points. You also get fast and free shipping since the store operates under Amazon.
4 - Etsy is another marketplace for unique fabrics from individual vendors across the world. The price points are more variable, but you could find something unique depending on what your project is.
Overall, the store you shop at will depend on the nature of your project, type of fabric you're looking for, and budget. The good news is, you're bound to find what you need at one of these stores.
INSTRUCTION N117 ID3068
What type of brushes are typically used to create an acrylic painting?
CONTEXT N117 ID3068

RESPONSE N117 ID3068
Paintbrushes are available in a range of widths and may have stiff (bristle) or soft (synthetic or sable) hairs — and short or long handles. Synthetic brushes are less expensive.
Here are some common brush types:
1. Round brushes — A small, round brush (such as a size 3 or smaller) has a rounded, fine tip excellent for precise, detailed work. A large round brush (such as a size 8) carries more paint and is excellent for heavy strokes. A round bristle brush can be used to add texture to a painting through thick, impasto strokes.
2. Flat brushes — A flat brush can make thin lines or wide rectangular strokes.
3. Wash brushes — A wide wash brush (such as a 1 inch) can be used to apply thin washes of color to a painting surface.
4. Fan brush — A fan brush can be used to blend adjacent colors — though acrylics dry quickly and this type of blending brushwork will need to be done fast while the paint is still wet.
INSTRUCTION N118 ID14687
What were Georgije Hranislav hobbies?
CONTEXT N118 ID14687
On 24 January 1829, Archimandrite Georgije was consecrated Bishop of Pakrac, since the former Bishop Josef (Putnik) moved to the Timisoara Cathedral. Bishop Georgije remained there for a decade.
In 1839, Bishop Georgije was transferred to the Diocese of Bačka on 26 May. With the death of Metropolitan Stefan Stanković, he administered the Metropolitanate of Karlovci in the period from 31 July 1841 until the election of the new Metropolitan in 1842.
Bishop Georgije was a very educated man of his time and had a penchant for literature, translating, writing and collecting books. His contemporaries were men of letters such as Sava Mrkalj, Jovan Muškatirović, Sava Tekelija, Lukijan Mušicki, Pavle Solarić, and Jovan Savić.
In addition, he helped the poor and educated young people. He translated a German cookbook into Serbian in 1804.
Georgije Hranislav died on 22 June 1843. He was buried in the Cathedral of the Serbian Orthodox Church of Novi Sad
RESPONSE N118 ID14687
Georgije Hranislav had several interesting hobbies, including: literature, translating, writing and collecting books.
INSTRUCTION N119 ID5156
State if the below is a haiku?
"boiling hot lava
  bubbles beneath the earths crust
erupts sparkling fire"
CONTEXT N119 ID5156

RESPONSE N119 ID5156
yes
INSTRUCTION N120 ID475
Explain how a mechanical watch works
CONTEXT N120 ID475

RESPONSE N120 ID475
A simple mechanical watch works by transferring power from the main spring, a tightly coiled metal spring, through an escapement and balance wheel, to wheels representing seconds, minutes, and hours.
The watch uses a gearing from the main spring that pushes an escapement gearing against a ruby palette to oscillate a balance wheel. The balance wheel and escapement are carefully constructed to oscillate at a specific frequency, releasing small bursts of power to the gear train. The train is constructed to gear the specific frequency of the balance wheel into seconds, minutes and hours. 
Further complications like chronographs, sun phase, alarms, and others are not accounted for in this simple watch. An automatic watch contains a weighted rotor in order to wind the mainspring with the motion of a person's arm.
INSTRUCTION N121 ID2624
Classify each of the following as a dental or hair product: toothbrush, floss, shampoo, conditioner, gel, floss
CONTEXT N121 ID2624

RESPONSE N121 ID2624
Toothbrush: Dental Product
Floss: Dental Product
Shampoo: Hair Product
Conditioner: Hair Product
Gel: Hair Product
Floss: Dental Product
INSTRUCTION N122 ID3947
Write do's and don'ts for handling a PR crisis. Make them directive and easy for anyone to understand and follow.
CONTEXT N122 ID3947

RESPONSE N122 ID3947
Do:
Assume "worst-case" outcomes for planning purposes.
Inform key audiences regularly and accurately from the outset.
Ensure communications are candid, accurate and timely.
Focus on concrete actions being taken to understand or address the issue.
Retain control of the story. Both positive and negative information needs to come from the company to help assure a transparent posture.
Provide information that's relevant to the public's interest rather than just the company's.
Consider seeking third-party support to help explain the crisis to various audiences.
Explain the situation directly to key audiences using the channels that are familiar to them. 
Where appropriate, contact public officials and leaders proactively. Keep them informed throughout the process.
Don't:
Be silent or make “no comment” statements — they are often interpreted as admissions of guilt and lack of preparation.
Make "off-the-record" statements — there is no such thing in a crisis situation.
Speculate on anything or provide incomplete information. Stick to the facts.
Let erroneous information or ill-informed opinions go unchallenged.
Release sensitive or proprietary information.
Try to minimize the problem, but also don’t make it a bigger deal than it is. Match the level of your response to the severity of the issue.
Rely on communications alone to fix a crisis. You have to address the issue that led to the PR crisis in the first place.
INSTRUCTION N123 ID14577
Can you tell me about different types of hot water kettles?
CONTEXT N123 ID14577

RESPONSE N123 ID14577
I'd be happy to tell you about hot water kettles. Hot water kettles are used to heat up water for beverages like tea or coffee. There are a few different kinds:
 - Stove-top kettles, which are placed on a stove and make a sound when the water is boiling.
 - Electric water kettles, which heat up using electricity rather than a stove. These can have many controls and contain thermostats to control the target water heat.
 - Gooseneck kettles, which can be electric or stovetop but feature a thin spout which is useful for making pour-over coffee.
INSTRUCTION N124 ID12889
What is the definition of a moon landing
CONTEXT N124 ID12889
A Moon landing is the arrival of a spacecraft on the surface of the Moon. This includes both crewed and robotic missions. The first human-made object to touch the Moon was the Soviet Union's Luna 2, on 13 September 1959.
RESPONSE N124 ID12889
A Moon landing is the arrival of a spacecraft on the surface of the Moon. This includes both crewed and robotic missions. The first human-made object to touch the Moon was the Soviet Union's Luna 2, on 13 September 1959.
The United States' Apollo 11 was the first crewed mission to land on the Moon, on 20 July 1969. There were six crewed U.S. landings between 1969 and 1972, and numerous uncrewed landings, with no soft landings happening between 22 August 1976 and 14 December 2013.
The United States is the only country to have successfully conducted crewed missions to the Moon, with the last departing the lunar surface in December 1972. All soft landings took place on the near side of the Moon until 3 January 2019, when the Chinese Chang'e 4 spacecraft made the first landing on the far side of the Moon.
INSTRUCTION N125 ID10940
Give me a list of some of the best ski areas spread across the North America. Organize the list by the mountain region they belong to. Give a very short synopsis if desired about why that resort was selected.
CONTEXT N125 ID10940

RESPONSE N125 ID10940
Any list of top Ski resorts is one that will be very contested among skiers, but here are a few that stand out:
Pacific Northwest:
Whistler Blackcomb - One of the largest ski resorts in the world, peak to peak gondola, and a vibrant base area village
Mount Baker - Large amount of snow, one of the few remaining locally owned resorts
Crystal Mountain - The largest ski area in Washington state, impressive views of Mt Rainier
Mt Bachelor - Ski lift to the summit and can ski circumnavigate the base of the mountain
Canadian Rockies:
Revelstoke - Highest vertical lift in Canada
Red Mountain - Remote and short lift lines
US Rockies:
Alta - Famous Skiers only mountain with expansive bowls
Park City - Large open terrain with a vibrant village
Crested Butte - Some of the steepest most challenging terrain in the world
Big Sky - Peak gondola to access some of the most challenging terrain in the US
Jackson Hole - Some of the best and most abundant powder and home of famous Corbetts Couloir 
Sierra range:
Tahoe/Palisades: Large resort with expansive views of Lake Tahoe
East Coast:
Stowe Mountain - One of the oldest ski resorts in the US, home of the 10th mountain division
Burke Mountain - Home of the US Ski Race team
In total, there are 826 ski resorts in North America - all are loved for different reasons and have passionate groups of skiers and snowboarders that consider them home, and might argue why their mountain is the best mountain.
INSTRUCTION N126 ID14348
Given a reference text about Naul, tell me what country it's in and what river passes through it.
CONTEXT N126 ID14348
Naul (Irish: An Aill, meaning 'The Cliff', also known as "The Naul"), is a village, townland, and civil parish at the northern edge of Fingal and the traditional County Dublin in Ireland. The Delvin River to the north of the village marks the county boundary with County Meath. Naul civil parish is in the historic barony of Balrothery West.
Location and geography
The village sits on the crossroad of the R122 and R108 regional roads, the latter being the traditional route between Dublin and the port of Drogheda, while the R122 travels from Finglas in the south to Balbriggan.: 2 
The River Delvin passes through Naul at the north, through a deep valley known as 'The Roche' which is hemmed in by steep banks and rocky cliffs which rise to 20 metres at one point. In the valley, there is a natural waterfall known as 'Waterfall of The Roches'. Further downstream the river has been dammed, forming an artificial pond and cascade with a small private hydroelectric plant.: 2 
Naul village and the surrounding townlands which comprise the area of Naul, sit on the Northern border of County Dublin and Fingal. However, the area locally known as Naul also extends north of the county border into county Meath. The area of north county Dublin comprises 2,627 acres and includes 15 townlands: Naul (An Aill), Hazardstown (Baile an Hasardaigh), Reynoldstown (Baile Raghnaill), Coolfores (An Chúil Fhuar), Doolagh (Dúlach), Fortyacres (Daichead Acra), Winnings (Uininn), Hynestown (Baile Héin), Cabin Hill (Cnoc an Chábáin), Flacketstown (Baile Fhlaicéid), Lecklinstown (Baile Leithghlinne) and Westown (An Baile Thiar).
RESPONSE N126 ID14348
Naul is located in Ireland and the River Delvin passes through it.
INSTRUCTION N127 ID596
Give me a comma separated list of all the organizations Henry Holst worked for based on this article.
CONTEXT N127 ID596
The Henry Holst String Quartet was founded by the Danish violinist Henry Holst in 1931. Holst had studied at the Royal Danish Conservatory under Axel Gade and Carl Nielsen. In 1923, he was appointed leader of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, but in 1931 he moved to Manchester as a Professor at the Royal Manchester College of Music.
The move to Manchester led to the formation of the Henry Holst String Quartet with Charles Taylor (second violin), Herbert Downes (viola) and Anthony Pini (cello). The ensemble was recognised as fine quartet, touring extensively in the UK and broadcasting on BBC Radio. They played a number of times in Liverpool for the Rodewald Concert Society in the 1934 and 1937 seasons.
Ernest Element (2nd violin) and Frank Venton (viola) also sometimes played for the quartet. Herbert Downes left to lead his own quartet in 1935. Charles Taylor also left to found his own quartet and was replaced by Reginald Stead as second violin. Reginald Stead later became the leader of the BBC Northern Orchestra. Anthony Pini joined the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1932 and was replaced by John C Hock as cellist. The Henry Holst Quartet finally disbanded when Henry Holst formed the Philharmonia Quartet in 1941 at the instigation of Walter Legge to record for Columbia Records.
RESPONSE N127 ID596
Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, Royal Manchester College of Music, Columbia Records
INSTRUCTION N128 ID10059
What are the types of space objects ?
CONTEXT N128 ID10059

RESPONSE N128 ID10059
The International Astronomical Union (IAU) classifies objects in the Solar system into 3 categories :
1. Planet : a celestial body orbiting the Sun, with enough mass to assume a (nearly round) hydrostatic equilibrium shape, and that has "cleared the neighbourhood" around its orbit,
2. Dwarf planet : a celestial body orbiting the Sun, with enough mass to assume a (nearly round) hydrostatic equilibrium shape, but that has not "cleared the neighbourhood" around its orbit and is not a satellite,
3. Small Solar System Bodies : all other objects orbiting the sun that are not satellites.
Small Solar System Bodies of the Solar system include :
- Moons : celestial bodies that orbit a planet or a dwarf planet,
- Asteroids : rocky non-spherical left-over objects from the early formation of the Solar system. They travel around the sun and most of them are located within the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter,
- Comets : icy bodies that can also contain minerals, rocks and dust left over from the formation of the solar system. They travel around the sun and can be found mostly beyond Neptune in the Kuiper Belt, as well as far beyond Pluto in the Oort cloud,
- Meteoroids : objects in space that often come from other larger bodies such as comets, asteroids or even moons and planets. Meteoroids can be rocky, others can be metallic, or combinations of both. Their sizes range from dust grains to small asteroids.
INSTRUCTION N129 ID2640
Which Alanis Morissette song contains the phrase "jagged little pill" (the title of her debut album)?
CONTEXT N129 ID2640

RESPONSE N129 ID2640
"You learn".
INSTRUCTION N130 ID11831
Who was Else Schmitz-Gohr
CONTEXT N130 ID11831

RESPONSE N130 ID11831
Else Schmitz-Gohr (12 August 1901 – 13 December 1987) was a German composer, pianist, and teacher who is best remembered for her Elegy for the Left Hand for piano, her successful students, and her recordings of Max Reger’s works for piano.
Schmitz-Gohr was born in Cologne. She studied at the Cologne Conservatory and the Stern Conservatory in Berlin. Her teachers included Franz Bolsche, Wilhelm Klatte, Dr. Otto Klauwell, James Kwast, and Fritz Hans Rehbold. She socialized with sculptor Lili Graf. In 1918, she debuted as a pianist under conductor Hermann Abendroth, and in 1922 won the Gustav Hollaender medal.
INSTRUCTION N131 ID7519
Give me some ideas for a gender reveal
CONTEXT N131 ID7519

RESPONSE N131 ID7519
Here are some ideas for a gender reveal-
Bursting a balloon with confetti in blue or pink colors
Cutting a cake with the icing in blue or pink colors
Blasting a party popper with blue or pink colors
Organize a personalized treasure hunt with final clue revealing the gender
Box of pink or blue color helium filled balloons
INSTRUCTION N132 ID3815
What can a work group do to promote psychological safety?
CONTEXT N132 ID3815

RESPONSE N132 ID3815
Respect personal time by not sending slack messages or meeting invites when the teammate is away.
Ask for detailed and specific feedback.
Assume positive intent.
Over-include people and respect when they want or need to step back.
Clarify roles on projects. 
If you need someone to take on an action item, ask for it.
See to create a culture of collaboration
INSTRUCTION N133 ID10178
Extract from the text the family of Parametrodes.
CONTEXT N133 ID10178
Parametrodes is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae.
RESPONSE N133 ID10178
Geometridae
INSTRUCTION N134 ID2971
Based on the following paragraph on squat lobster fisheries, where do such fisheries exist today?
CONTEXT N134 ID2971
Flesh from these animals is often commercially sold in restaurants as "langostino" or sometimes dishonestly called "lobster" when incorporated in seafood dishes. As well as being used for human consumption, there is demand for squat lobster meat to be used as feed in fish farms and shrimp or prawn farms. This is in part because they contain astaxanthin, a pigment that helps to colour the meat of farmed salmon and trout.
Despite their worldwide distribution and great abundance, there are few functioning fisheries for squat lobsters. Experimental fisheries have occurred in several countries, including Argentina, Mexico, and New Zealand, but commercial exploitation is currently restricted to Latin America, and chiefly to Chile. The main target species are Pleuroncodes monodon, P. planipes, and Cervimunida johni.
In Central America, the primary species of squat lobster targeted by fisheries is a species of Pleuroncodes. There is a great deal of confusion over both scientific names and common names, and the exact species is often unknown. In El Salvador, for instance, the commercial catch is generally referred to as "P. planipes", but is in fact P. monodon. Commercial fishing for squat lobsters in El Salvador began in the early 1980s; production increased markedly in the 2001 season, and has continued to grow, now making up 98% of the demersal resources landed in El Salvador, with annual catches peaking at 13,708 t in 2005. In Costa Rica, aggregations of squat lobsters are avoided, as the fishermen fear the squat lobsters will clog their nets. In Nicaragua, squat lobsters are heavily exploited, especially following a large increase in fishing effort in the 2007 season. In Panama, production reached 492 t in 2008. Chilean squat lobster fisheries initially targeted Cervimunida johni, beginning in 1953. By the mid-1960s, effort had largely switched to P. monodon. In an effort to conserve stocks, the Chilean government instituted quotas for squat lobsters, and the fishery is closely monitored. In New Zealand, Munida gregaria has been considered as a potential fisheries resource, particularly to feed farmed Chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha).
RESPONSE N134 ID2971
Commercial fisheries for squat lobsters currently exist only in Latin America, mainly in Chile due to the restriction on commercial exploitation of these animals. There are, however, a number of experimental fisheries in countries such as Argentina, Mexico, and New Zealand.
INSTRUCTION N135 ID7745
What is the Oxford Comma?
CONTEXT N135 ID7745

RESPONSE N135 ID7745
In English-language punctuation, a serial comma (also called a series comma, Oxford comma, or Harvard comma) is a comma placed immediately after the penultimate term (i.e., before the coordinating conjunction, such as and or or) in a series of three or more terms. For example, a list of three countries might be punctuated either as "France, Italy and Spain" (without the serial comma) or "France, Italy, and Spain" (with the serial comma).
INSTRUCTION N136 ID5214
Who is Charlie McCarthy
CONTEXT N136 ID5214

RESPONSE N136 ID5214
Charles McCarthy (born 1946) is an Irish former hurler who played as a left corner-forward at senior level for the Cork county team.
Born in Tower Street, Cork, McCarthy first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Sullivan's Quay CBS. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked up with the Cork minor teams as a dual player, before later joining the under-21 hurling side. He made his senior debut during the 1965 championship. McCarthy immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won five All-Ireland medals, nine Munster medals and four National Hurling League medals. The All-Ireland-winning captain of 1978, he was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, McCarthy won one Railway Cup medal. At club level he is a two-time All-Ireland medallist with St Finbarr's. In addition to this he has also won four Munster medals and five championship medals, after beginning his career with Redmonds.
McCarthy's career tally of 24 goals and 149 points ranks him as Cork's fifth highest championship scorer of all-time.
Throughout his career McCarthy made 45 championship appearances. His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1980 championship.
In retirement from playing McCarthy became involved in team management and coaching. After serving as coach of the Cork minor and senior teams he guided club side St Finbarr's to championship success.
McCarthy is widely regarded as one of the greatest hurlers of his era. During his playing days he won three All-Star awards. He has been repeatedly voted onto teams made up of the sport's greats, including at right corner-forward on the Club Hurling Silver Jubilee Team and the Supreme All-Stars team. McCarthy was also chosen as one of the 125 greatest hurlers of all-time in a 2009 poll.
INSTRUCTION N137 ID9085
What are the qualities of a good manager?
CONTEXT N137 ID9085

RESPONSE N137 ID9085
Qualities that make a good manager could vary. Different managers bring different things to the table in different situations to help the team and company. Here are a few qualities that are generally useful:
1. Hiring: Primary job for a manager is to build a good team which is not possible without hiring the team.
2. Building trust: It's important for a manager to build trust with each individual on their team but also within the team members themselves to create a culture for collaboration
3. Problem solving: Managers must be able to recognize problems and help the team find resolutions either by directly helping them or finding the right help for the team
4. Prioritization: Teams often have more work than they have people and managers play a critical role in prioritizing tasks to ensure the higher impact tasks are done first.
5. Flexibility: Managers must be willing to play different roles as the situation demands it ranging from hands on domain expertise to conflict resolution to culture builder.
INSTRUCTION N138 ID14720
What are the top 10 US ski vacation destinations?
CONTEXT N138 ID14720

RESPONSE N138 ID14720
The western United States is considered to have the best skiing destinations because of the size of its mountains and the quality of it snow conditions. Nevertheless, given its proximity to large urban populations, the resorts of the northeast United State also sees large numbers of visitors each winter. The list below includes top ski destinations from both regions.
Vail, Colorado
Tahoe, California (this area includes a number of large resorts like Palisades, Heavenly, Sugar Bowl, and Northstar)
Taos, New Mexico
Park City, Utah
Stowe, Vermont 
Jackson Hole, Wyoming
Killington, Vermont
Sugarloaf, Maine
Aspen, Colorado
Sun Valley, Idaho
INSTRUCTION N139 ID13382
Tell me whether each food item is high or low in protein: steak, chicken, egg, strawberry, watermelon, carrot
CONTEXT N139 ID13382

RESPONSE N139 ID13382
Steak: High in Protein
Chicken: High in Protein
Egg: High in Protein
Strawberry: Low in Protein
Watermelon: Low in Protein
Carrot: Low in Protein
INSTRUCTION N140 ID11702
How long is the Georgia State Route 49
CONTEXT N140 ID11702
State Route 49 (SR 49) is a 122.8-mile-long (197.6 km) state highway that travels southwest-to-northeast through portions of Terrell, Sumter, Macon, Peach, Houston, Bibb, Jones, and Baldwin counties, mainly in the central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The highway connects SR 45 north of Dawson to SR 22/SR 24 in Milledgeville.
The segment from Fort Valley to Byron is part of the Fall Line Freeway, a highway that connects Columbia to Augusta. It may also be incorporated into the proposed eastern extension of Interstate 14 (I-14), which is currently entirely in Central Texas, and may be extended into Augusta.
RESPONSE N140 ID11702
The Georgia State Route 49 (SR 49) is a 122.8-mile-long (197.6 km) state highway that travels southwest-to-northeast through portions of Terrell, Sumter, Macon, Peach, Houston, Bibb, Jones, and Baldwin counties, mainly in the central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The highway connects SR 45 north of Dawson to SR 22/SR 24 in Milledgeville.
The segment from Fort Valley to Byron is part of the Fall Line Freeway, a highway that connects Columbia to Augusta. It may also be incorporated into the proposed eastern extension of Interstate 14 (I-14), which is currently entirely in Central Texas, and may be extended into Augusta.
INSTRUCTION N141 ID13545
Extract the names of influencers on Ruben Dario's poetry
CONTEXT N141 ID13545
French poetry was a determinant influence in Darío's formation as a poet. In the first place, the romantics, particularly Victor Hugo. Later on, and in a decisive fashion, Darío was influenced by the parnassians: Théophile Gautier, Catulle Mendès, and José María de Heredia. Another decisive influence was the writer of prose and poetry and national hero of Cuba, Jose Martí. The final defining element of Darianian aesthetic is his admiration towards the symbolists, especially Paul Verlaine. Recapitulating his own poetic trajectory in the initial poem of Cantos de vida y esperanza (1905) Darío himself synthesized his main influences when he affirms that he was "strong with Hugo and ambiguous with Verlaine" ("con Hugo fuerte y con Verlaine ambiguo".)
In the section "Palabras Liminares" of Prosas Profanas (1896) he had already written a paragraph that reveals the importance of French culture in the development of his literary work:
The old Spaniard with a white beard points towards a series of illustrious portraits: "This one—he says—is the great Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, one-handed genius; this one is Lope de Vega, this one is Garcilaso, this one Quintana." I ask him for the noble man Gracián, for Teresa of Ávila, for the brave Góngora and the strongest of all, Francisco de Quevedo y Villegas. Then I say: "Shakespeare! Dante! Hugo...! (and in my head: Verlaine...!)"
Then, when saying goodbye: "-Old man, it is important to say: my wife is from my land; my mistress is from Paris."
Los raros is an illustrative volume regarding literary tastes, which he published on the same year as Prosas profanas, and dedicated to briefly glossing some of the writers and intellectuals towards whom he felt profound admiration. Amongst those in the book we find Edgar Allan Poe, Villiers de l'Isle Adam, Léon Bloy, Paul Verlaine, Lautréamont, Eugénio de Castro and José Martí (the latter being the only one mentioned who wrote their literary work in Spanish.) The predominance of French culture is more than evident. Darío wrote: "Modernism is nothing more than Spanish verse and prose passed through the fine sieve of the good French verse and the good French prose." Setting aside his initial stage, before Azul..., in which his poetry owes a great deal to the great names of 19th-century Spanish poetry, such as Núñez de Arce and Campoamor, Darío was a great admirer of Bécquer. Spanish themes are well represented in his work, already in Prosas profanas and, specially, after his second trip to Spain, in 1899. Conscious of contemporaneous Spanish decadence in politics and the arts (a preoccupation he shared with the so-called Generation of '98), he frequently was inspired by characters and elements of the past. Regarding authors in other languages, it is worth mentioning that he felt a profound admiration towards three writers from the United States: Ralph Waldo Emerson, Edgar Allan Poe and Walt Whitman.[citation needed]
RESPONSE N141 ID13545
Victor Hugo
Théophile Gautier
Catulle Mendès 
José María de Heredia
Jose Martí
Paul Verlaine
Edgar Allan Poe
Villiers de l'Isle Adam
Léon Bloy
Lautréamont
Eugénio de Castro
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Walt Whitman
INSTRUCTION N142 ID11174
What category do these items belong to:
- Apple
- Pear
- Banana
- Orange
- Pineapple
- Guava
The possible categories are: Fruits, Vegetables, Minerals.
CONTEXT N142 ID11174

RESPONSE N142 ID11174
These items are all fruits. All of the items listed develop from flowers after they wilt and contain seeds. They are not vegetables because they are not stems, roots or tubers. They are not minerals because they are living things.
INSTRUCTION N143 ID8464
Extract the stock ticker from the following text
CONTEXT N143 ID8464
Pfizer (2021).svg
Corporate logo since 2021
Pfizer World Headquarters Entrance.jpg
Headquarters on 42nd Street in Midtown Manhattan
Type	Public
Traded as	
NYSE: PFE
S&P 100 component
S&P 500 component
Industry	
Pharmaceutical
Biotechnology
Founded	1849; 174 years ago in New York City
Founders	
Charles Pfizer
Charles F. Erhart
Headquarters	New York City, U.S.
Area served	Worldwide
Key people	Albert Bourla (CEO)
Products	
Pharmaceutical drugsvaccines
Revenue	Increase US$100.3 billion (2022)
Operating income	Increase US$31.40 billion (2022)
Net income	Increase US$31.37 billion (2022)
Total assets	Increase US$197.2 billion (2022)
Total equity	Increase US$95.66 billion (2022)
Number of employees	c. 83,000 (2022)
RESPONSE N143 ID8464
NYSE: PFE
INSTRUCTION N144 ID12099
Who is the greatest quarterback of all time?
CONTEXT N144 ID12099

RESPONSE N144 ID12099
Tom Brady is widely considered to be the greatest NFL quarterback of all time. He holds the all-time records for Passing Yards, Passing Touchdowns, Completions. 
Brady also has a record 7 Super Bowl championships, 3 more than any other quarterback and a record unlikely to be broken. He won 6 of these with the New England Patriots, with whom he spent the first 20 years of career. 
After early-career comparisons to his contemporary rival Peyton Manning, and mid-career comparisons to another all-time great Joe Montana, Brady ended his career as the indisputable Greatest of All Time (GOAT) by playing at an extremely high level for multiple decades.
INSTRUCTION N145 ID4618
What are the four major subregions in Central Otago?
CONTEXT N145 ID4618
"The Central Otago wine region is broken into multiple sub-regions, each with its own climate and characteristics.
Bannockburn is a small Geographical Indication on the southern banks of the Kawarau River near Cromwell and is a very warm area that was known by gold miners as ""the Heart of the Desert"". Grapes ripen early on sandy, silty loam soils. The elevation ranges from 220 to 370 metres (720 to 1,210 ft).
Bendigo lies east of the Clutha River / Mata-Au and Lake Dunstan, with grapes planted at both medium elevation (220 metres (720 ft)) and high elevation terraces (330 to 350 metres (1,080 to 1,150 ft)). This warm area has semi arid soils at variable depths, with free draining soils at the lower levels and shallower soils at higher elevations. The Bendigo sub-region includes the vineyards at Tarras and Maori Point.
Gibbston is a tight valley enclosed by mountainous terrain. About 250 hectares of vines are planted on sloping land on the southern bank of the Kawarau River. Gibbston is the coolest and highest of the sub-regions with vineyards between 320 and 420 metres (1,050 and 1,380 ft) altitude. It is sometimes referred to as the Queenstown subregion.
Wānaka, the smallest of the sub-regions, has vineyards planted between the banks of Lake Wānaka and the town of Luggate to the east. Ranging between 290 to 320 metres (950 to 1,050 ft) above sea level, the vineyards have a similar but slightly warmer climate than those at Gibbston.
The Alexandra Basin is surrounded by the Clutha River / Mata-Au and Manuherikia River and regularly records New Zealand's hottest summer temperatures. Schist outcrops dominate the arid landscape. A wide diurnal shift moderates the high temperatures.
The Cromwell Basin contains the highest concentration of vines, in an area bounded by the Kawarau River, Lake Dunstan and the Pisa mountain range. It is a warm district characterised by semi arid, high terraces and moraines and gently sloping fans."
RESPONSE N145 ID4618
The Central Otago wine region is broken into multiple sub-regions: Bannockburn, Bendigo, Bendigo and Wānaka
INSTRUCTION N146 ID10218
What are the four major subregions in Central Otago?
CONTEXT N146 ID10218
"The Central Otago wine region is broken into multiple sub-regions, each with its own climate and characteristics.
Bannockburn is a small Geographical Indication on the southern banks of the Kawarau River near Cromwell and is a very warm area that was known by gold miners as ""the Heart of the Desert"". Grapes ripen early on sandy, silty loam soils. The elevation ranges from 220 to 370 metres (720 to 1,210 ft).
Bendigo lies east of the Clutha River / Mata-Au and Lake Dunstan, with grapes planted at both medium elevation (220 metres (720 ft)) and high elevation terraces (330 to 350 metres (1,080 to 1,150 ft)). This warm area has semi arid soils at variable depths, with free draining soils at the lower levels and shallower soils at higher elevations. The Bendigo sub-region includes the vineyards at Tarras and Maori Point.
Gibbston is a tight valley enclosed by mountainous terrain. About 250 hectares of vines are planted on sloping land on the southern bank of the Kawarau River. Gibbston is the coolest and highest of the sub-regions with vineyards between 320 and 420 metres (1,050 and 1,380 ft) altitude. It is sometimes referred to as the Queenstown subregion.
Wānaka, the smallest of the sub-regions, has vineyards planted between the banks of Lake Wānaka and the town of Luggate to the east. Ranging between 290 to 320 metres (950 to 1,050 ft) above sea level, the vineyards have a similar but slightly warmer climate than those at Gibbston.
The Alexandra Basin is surrounded by the Clutha River / Mata-Au and Manuherikia River and regularly records New Zealand's hottest summer temperatures. Schist outcrops dominate the arid landscape. A wide diurnal shift moderates the high temperatures.
The Cromwell Basin contains the highest concentration of vines, in an area bounded by the Kawarau River, Lake Dunstan and the Pisa mountain range. It is a warm district characterised by semi arid, high terraces and moraines and gently sloping fans."
RESPONSE N146 ID10218
The Central Otago wine region is broken into multiple sub-regions: Bannockburn, Bendigo, Bendigo and Wānaka
INSTRUCTION N147 ID10594
Ideas on how to cure my dog's red paws.
CONTEXT N147 ID10594

RESPONSE N147 ID10594
Rest your dog.
Inspect your dog's paws for injuries.
Treat your dog's paws with an antibiotic solution or anti-fungal solution.
Consider your dog's diet and potential food allergies.
Inspect your dog's regular physical environment for possible sources of allergy or injury.
Have your dog's paws inspected by a veterinarian.
Consider using a device to prevent your dog from licking it's paws until the condition subsides.
INSTRUCTION N148 ID13696
What is electrical conduction?
CONTEXT N148 ID13696
The movement of electric charge is known as an electric current, the intensity of which is usually measured in amperes. Current can consist of any moving charged particles; most commonly these are electrons, but any charge in motion constitutes a current. Electric current can flow through some things, electrical conductors, but will not flow through an electrical insulator.
By historical convention, a positive current is defined as having the same direction of flow as any positive charge it contains, or to flow from the most positive part of a circuit to the most negative part. Current defined in this manner is called conventional current. The motion of negatively charged electrons around an electric circuit, one of the most familiar forms of current, is thus deemed positive in the opposite direction to that of the electrons. However, depending on the conditions, an electric current can consist of a flow of charged particles in either direction, or even in both directions at once. The positive-to-negative convention is widely used to simplify this situation.
The process by which electric current passes through a material is termed electrical conduction, and its nature varies with that of the charged particles and the material through which they are travelling. Examples of electric currents include metallic conduction, where electrons flow through a conductor such as metal, and electrolysis, where ions (charged atoms) flow through liquids, or through plasmas such as electrical sparks. While the particles themselves can move quite slowly, sometimes with an average drift velocity only fractions of a millimetre per second, the electric field that drives them itself propagates at close to the speed of light, enabling electrical signals to pass rapidly along wires.
In engineering or household applications, current is often described as being either direct current (DC) or alternating current (AC). These terms refer to how the current varies in time. Direct current, as produced by example from a battery and required by most electronic devices, is a unidirectional flow from the positive part of a circuit to the negative.  If, as is most common, this flow is carried by electrons, they will be travelling in the opposite direction. Alternating current is any current that reverses direction repeatedly; almost always this takes the form of a sine wave. Alternating current thus pulses back and forth within a conductor without the charge moving any net distance over time. The time-averaged value of an alternating current is zero, but it delivers energy in first one direction, and then the reverse. Alternating current is affected by electrical properties that are not observed under steady state direct current, such as inductance and capacitance. These properties however can become important when circuitry is subjected to transients, such as when first energised.
RESPONSE N148 ID13696
The process by which electric current passes through a material is termed electrical conduction.
INSTRUCTION N149 ID850
classify each of the following as a US state or US state capital: Atlanta, Washington, Boston, Iowa, Sacramento, Alaska
CONTEXT N149 ID850

RESPONSE N149 ID850
US States: Washington, Iowa, Alaska
US State Capitals: Atlanta, Boston, Sacramento
INSTRUCTION N150 ID8988
Why is free climbing called free climbing?
CONTEXT N150 ID8988
Most of the climbing done in modern times is considered free climbing—climbing using one's own physical strength, with equipment used solely as protection and not as support—as opposed to aid climbing, the gear-dependent form of climbing that was dominant in the sport's earlier days. Free climbing is typically divided into several styles that differ from one another depending on the choice of equipment used and the configurations of their belay, rope and anchor systems.
RESPONSE N150 ID8988
Free climbing is named so because it is performed solely using one's own physical strength, "free" from any support from equipment other than as protection. That is, gear is never used to help a climber actually climb, only to catch them in case they fall.
INSTRUCTION N151 ID13952
How do I make a perfect grilled cheese sandwich?
CONTEXT N151 ID13952

RESPONSE N151 ID13952
Step 1. Select a cheese that will melt well. Parmesan, for example, is not ideal for a grilled cheese sandwich. Cheddar, Havarti, and Colby Jack are all cheeses that taste great and will melt.
Step 2. Get two slices of bread, preferably not too thick; typical store-bought sliced bread like sourdough, potato, and white make adequate grilled bread.
Step 3. While you are assembling the sandwich, heat a shallow pan over medium-low heat on your stovetop.
Step 4. Spread some mayonnaise on the inside of each slice of bread. Sprinkle some garlic powder over the mayonnaise -- this gives a little extra flavor that one might not expect from a grilled cheese. 
Step 5. Layer the cheese between the slices of bread. Don't put too much cheese on it, or it will leak out of the sandwich when you cut it!
Step 6. Assemble the sandwich and put a thin layer of mayo on the outside of each slice. 
Step 7. Lay the sandwich inside your heated pan. It should sizzle immediately. Wait two minutes and check to see if the cheese is melting. If the bread is browning too quickly, turn the heat down. When it is adequately browned on one side, use a spatula to flip it over to grill the other side.
Step 8. Once your sandwich is grilled to your liking, turn off the stove and remove your sandwich from the pan. Slice diagonally and serve with a bowl of hot tomato soup. Enjoy!
INSTRUCTION N152 ID5101
How does a pine cone work?
CONTEXT N152 ID5101
The female cone has two types of scale: the bract scales, and the seed scales (or ovuliferous scales), one subtended by each bract scale, derived from a highly modified branchlet. On the upper-side base of each seed scale are two ovules that develop into seeds after fertilization by pollen grains. The bract scales develop first, and are conspicuous at the time of pollination; the seed scales develop later to enclose and protect the seeds, with the bract scales often not growing further. The scales open temporarily to receive pollen, then close during fertilization and maturation, and then re-open again at maturity to allow the seed to escape. Maturation takes 6–8 months from pollination in most Pinaceae genera, but 12 months in cedars and 18–24 months (rarely more) in most pines. The cones open either by the seed scales flexing back when they dry out, or (in firs, cedars and golden larch) by the cones disintegrating with the seed scales falling off. The cones are conic, cylindrical or ovoid (egg-shaped), and small to very large, from 2–60 cm long and 1–20 cm broad.
After ripening, the opening of non-serotinous pine cones is associated with their moisture content—cones are open when dry and closed when wet. This assures that the small, windborne seeds will be dispersed during relatively dry weather, and thus, the distance traveled from the parent tree will be enhanced. A pine cone will go through many cycles of opening and closing during its life span, even after seed dispersal is complete. This process occurs with older cones while attached to branches and even after the older cones have fallen to the forest floor. The condition of fallen pine cones is a crude indication of the forest floor's moisture content, which is an important indication of wildfire risk. Closed cones indicate damp conditions while open cones indicate the forest floor is dry.
RESPONSE N152 ID5101
A pine cone consists of scales which protect seeds. The scales can open and close depending on conditions. The scales will open temporarily to receive pollen, then close again until the seeds mature. Once mature, the scales will open and close depending on their moisture content. Once the seeds are mature, the scales can open again to allow seeds to escape. When dry, the cones open allowing the small windborne seeds to disperse as widely as possible. This cycle of opening and closing continues until the seeds are dispersed.
INSTRUCTION N153 ID7831
How do I turn on my Tesla Model Y?
CONTEXT N153 ID7831

RESPONSE N153 ID7831
When you open a door, Tesla Model Y powers on the touchscreen and you can operate all controls. To drive Model Y:
1. PRESS THE BRAKE PEDAL – Model Y powers on and is ready to drive.
2. SELECT A GEAR – Move the drive stalk all the way down for Drive and all the way up for Reverse.
NOTE: If the PIN to Drive feature is enabled, you must also enter a valid PIN on the touchscreen before you can drive Model Y. Everything you need to know when driving Model Y displays on the touchscreen.
Drive Disabled – Requires Authentication
If Model Y does not detect a key when you press the brake (an authenticated phone is not detected, or 30 seconds has passed since you used the key card), the touchscreen displays a message telling you that driving requires authentication. If you see this message, place the key card behind the cup holders on the top of the center console where the RFID transmitter can read it. The 30 second authentication window restarts and you can start Model Y by pressing the brake pedal.
A number of factors can affect whether Model Y can detect an authenticated phone (for example, the phone’s battery is low or dead and is no longer able to communicate using Bluetooth). Always keep your authenticated phone and a key card with you. After driving, your authenticated phone or key card is needed to restart Model Y after it powers off. And when you leave Model Y, you must bring your authenticated phone or key card with you to lock Model Y, either manually or automatically.
INSTRUCTION N154 ID10995
Extract the names of all the members of the Henry Holst String Quartet, and the instrument they played in bullet point form.
CONTEXT N154 ID10995
The Henry Holst String Quartet was founded by the Danish violinist Henry Holst in 1931. Holst had studied at the Royal Danish Conservatory under Axel Gade and Carl Nielsen. In 1923, he was appointed leader of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, but in 1931 he moved to Manchester as a Professor at the Royal Manchester College of Music.
The move to Manchester led to the formation of the Henry Holst String Quartet with Charles Taylor (second violin), Herbert Downes (viola) and Anthony Pini (cello). The ensemble was recognised as fine quartet, touring extensively in the UK and broadcasting on BBC Radio. They played a number of times in Liverpool for the Rodewald Concert Society in the 1934 and 1937 seasons.
Ernest Element (2nd violin) and Frank Venton (viola) also sometimes played for the quartet. Herbert Downes left to lead his own quartet in 1935. Charles Taylor also left to found his own quartet and was replaced by Reginald Stead as second violin. Reginald Stead later became the leader of the BBC Northern Orchestra. Anthony Pini joined the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1932 and was replaced by John C Hock as cellist. The Henry Holst Quartet finally disbanded when Henry Holst formed the Philharmonia Quartet in 1941 at the instigation of Walter Legge to record for Columbia Records.
RESPONSE N154 ID10995
- Henry Holst (violin)
- Charles Taylor (violin)
- Herbert Downes (viola)
- Anthony Pini (cello)
- Ernest Element (violin)
- Frank Venton (viola)
- Reginald Stead (violin)
- John C Hock (cello)
INSTRUCTION N155 ID34
What is underwriting?
CONTEXT N155 ID34

RESPONSE N155 ID34
Underwriting (UW) services are provided by some large financial institutions, such as banks, insurance companies and investment houses, whereby they guarantee payment in case of damage or financial loss and accept the financial risk for liability arising from such guarantee. An underwriting arrangement may be created in a number of situations including insurance, issues of security in a public offering, and bank lending, among others. The person or institution that agrees to sell a minimum number of securities of the company for commission is called the underwriter.
The term "underwriting" derives from the Lloyd's of London insurance market. Financial backers (or risk takers), who would accept some of the risk on a given venture (historically a sea voyage with associated risks of shipwreck) in exchange for a premium, would literally write their names under the risk information that was written on a Lloyd's slip created for this purpose.
INSTRUCTION N156 ID3111
How did Caesar come to power in Rome?
CONTEXT N156 ID3111

RESPONSE N156 ID3111
Gaius Julius Caesar was a Roman general and statesman born around 100 B.C. He was born in a patrician family (senatorial class) called the Julii that claimed lineage from the Goddess Venus and the legendary Prince Aeneas of Troy. His birth in this family had already put him ahead of most others on the road to power.
Caesar was smart, hard working and charming and made many friends and connections that would help him later in life. He married a relative of Gaius Marius, the dictator of Rome at the time and furthered his political connections. Though he suffered a setback when Sulla defeated Marius, Caesar was quickly able to use that to his advantage to escape a posting that required him to remain in Rome. It was important for any aspiring Consul (leader of Rome) to be seen as an effective military general who had conquered lands for Rome.
Caesar's next significant position was that of Aedile where one of his primary duties were to organize games. Caesar borrowed heavily and organized lavish games so that the people of Rome would know him. Unlike other patricians, Caesar had grown up in the Subura where, at the time, the plebeians lived and knew the importance and power that could be garnered from the love of the people.
Through multiple appointments, Caesar displayed his military genius and was eventually elected Consul. He formed an alliance with two other leading figures of the time: Pompey (a decorated general) and Crassus (richest man in Rome) known now as the "First Triumvirate". 
After his consulship, Caesar become Governor of Gaul and eventually won a lot of territory for Rome. However, his political opponents in Rome readied a case for prosecuting him and stripping of power. Unwilling to be subject to that, Caesar gathered one of his legions and marched on Rome. His political opponents performed a tactical retreat from Rome leaving him in nominal control. He consolidated his power by winning multiple wars in Greece, Spain and Egypt eventually solidifying his hold on Rome and getting himself elected Dictator
INSTRUCTION N157 ID8886
What plants and animals are native to Arches National Park
CONTEXT N157 ID8886
An abundance of wildlife occurs in Arches National Park, including spadefoot toads, antelope squirrels, scrub jays, peregrine falcons, many kinds of sparrows, red foxes, desert bighorn sheep, kangaroo rats, mule deers, cougars, midget faded rattlesnakes, yucca moths, western rattlesnakes, and collared lizards.
A number of plant species are common in the park, including prickly pear cactus, Indian ricegrass, bunch grasses, cheatgrass, moss, liverworts, Utah juniper, Mormon tea, blackbrush, cliffrose, four-winged saltbrush, pinyon pine, evening primrose, sand verbena, yucca, and sacred datura.
Biological soil crust consisting of cyanobacteria, lichen, mosses, green algae, and microfungi is found throughout southeastern Utah. The fibrous growths help keep soil particles together, creating a layer that is more resistant to erosion. The living soil layer readily absorbs and stores water, allowing more complex forms of plant life to grow in places with low precipitation levels.
RESPONSE N157 ID8886
Spadefoot toads, antelope squirrels, scrub jays, peregrine falcons, many kinds of sparrows, red foxes, desert bighorn sheep, kangaroo rats, mule deers, cougars, midget faded rattlesnakes, yucca moths, western rattlesnakes, and collared lizards are native animals to Arches National Park.
Prickly pear cactus, Indian ricegrass, bunch grasses, cheatgrass, moss, liverworts, Utah juniper, Mormon tea, blackbrush, cliffrose, four-winged saltbrush, pinyon pine, evening primrose, sand verbena, yucca, and sacred datura are common plant species in Arches National Park
INSTRUCTION N158 ID7563
Who is the best actor in the world
CONTEXT N158 ID7563

RESPONSE N158 ID7563
Shah Rukh Khan
Tom Cruise 
Keanu reeves
INSTRUCTION N159 ID10078
What modalities does Quah Jing Wen specialize on?
CONTEXT N159 ID10078
Quah Jing Wen (Chinese: 柯敬文; pinyin: Kē Jìngwén; born 20 December 2000) is a Singaporean professional swimmer who specialises in individual medley, butterfly and freestyle events.
Education
Quah was educated at Methodist Girls' School and Anglo-Chinese School (Independent), before graduating from Texas A&M University in 2021 with a bachelor's degree in biomedical science.
Swimming career
Quah Jing Wen clocked 2min 12.95sec and set an Under-17 200m butterfly Singaporean national record at the Neo Garden 13th Singapore National Swimming Championships, breaking Tao Li's record set in 2005.
Quah won the bronze in the 2015 SEA Games when making her debut in the 400m IM.
In 2017, Quah won 5 gold medals and a silver medal at the Commonwealth Youth Games, held in Nassau. In the same year, she also won 5 gold medals in the 2017 SEA Games.[1
RESPONSE N159 ID10078
Quah Jing Wen is specialized on individual medley, butterfly and freestyle events.
INSTRUCTION N160 ID604
List me some important facts about Tobiashammer from given text
CONTEXT N160 ID604
The first hammer forge was probably built in 1482 on the River Ohra. In 1592 the mill was bought by Tobias Albrecht, since when it has been named after him. The works originally had three huge iron hammers which were raised by the motion of a water wheel.
The mill made iron products such as scythes, sickles, ploughshares, lances and swords. Later, it also carried out copper processing; washbowls, washtubs, kettle drums, brewing implements, pots, cans and pans were made. The kettle drums, which were produced into the late 20th century, were made from a single piece of copper, forged under the tilt hammer and still set a standard today in terms of their sound.
RESPONSE N160 ID604
1. On the River Ohra, the first hammer forge was probably constructed around 1482.
2. Tobias Albrecht purchased the mill in 1592, and ever since, it has carried his name.
3. The factory's three enormous iron hammers, which were elevated by the rotation of a water wheel, were originally installed.
4. The mill produced iron tools like lances, scythes, sickles, and ploughshares.
5. Later, it also engaged in copper processing; pots, cans, pans, brewing equipment, kettle drums, washbowls, and washtubs were produced.
6. The single-piece copper kettle drums, which were forged with the tilt hammer and produced until the late 20th century, set a standard for sound even today.
INSTRUCTION N161 ID615
Based on the reference text, what was the start date and the expected completion date of the reconstruction project on the Howard Frankland bridge.
CONTEXT N161 ID615
After the widening project in 1992, Interstate 275 was increased to eight lanes on the bridge itself. However, this did not increase capacity on either end of the bridge. Backups were still seen on the Howard Frankland heading into Tampa, primarily due to a bottleneck at the SR 60/Veterans Expressway exit. On the St. Petersburg side, after a comprehensive reconstruction project that took over ten years, lane counts were increased from four lanes prior to the bridge to six lanes through downtown St. Petersburg, and eight lanes from Gandy Boulevard to the bridge.
A reconstruction project was planned to begin in 2017 for the new Gateway Expressway project, a plan to build a new toll road to connect different parts in Pinellas County. However, FDOT planned to reconstruct the interstate in smaller phases rather than the original larger two-phase project and the start of construction was delayed to 2020.
Once the reconstruction project is finished in 2025, major traffic congestion on the Howard Frankland bridge is expected to be significantly reduced by the addition of new lanes. On January 7, 2021, FDOT postponed by a week to January 16, 2021 the start date for removing an overpass and the corresponding exit ramp over I-275. It had been scheduled to shut down by 8 p.m., EST, January 9, through January 10. This work was part of the U.S. $600 million toll road project. On January 16 to 17, 2021, workers removed the 4th street north interchange bridge (overpass) from 8 p.m. on January 16, to 12 p.m. on January 17. Exit 32 was closed until late 2021 while the new overpass is constructed.
Overall construction on this large project began in fall 2020 and completion is expected in late 2025. A completely new bridge will carry southbound traffic. Once that bridge is completed, the existing southbound bridge will be converted to carry northbound traffic. When all traffic is moved to the final alignment, the existing northbound bridge will be removed. The newly built bridge for southbound traffic will include a separate pathway for pedestrian and bicycle traffic, and additional vehicle traffic lanes.[
RESPONSE N161 ID615
The reconstruction project of the Howard Frankland bridge started in fall of 2020 and is expected to be completed in 2025.
INSTRUCTION N162 ID6740
The following are a mix of english and hindi words. separate them out logically:
your
mujhe
lamp
pyaar
tamanna
tomorrow
perhaps
kyunki
how
your
yaar
shade
CONTEXT N162 ID6740

RESPONSE N162 ID6740
English:
tomorrow
how
your
perhaps
lamp
shade
Hindi:
mujhe
kyunki
yaar
tamanna
pyaar
INSTRUCTION N163 ID5831
What does the term "tulip mania" mean?
CONTEXT N163 ID5831
Tulip mania (Dutch: tulpenmanie) was a period during the Dutch Golden Age when contract prices for some bulbs of the recently introduced and fashionable tulip reached extraordinarily high levels. The major acceleration started in 1634 and then dramatically collapsed in February 1637. It is generally considered to have been the first recorded speculative bubble or asset bubble in history. In many ways, the tulip mania was more of a then-unknown socio-economic phenomenon than a significant economic crisis. It had no critical influence on the prosperity of the Dutch Republic, which was one of the world's leading economic and financial powers in the 17th century, with the highest per capita income in the world from about 1600 to about 1720. The term "tulip mania" is now often used metaphorically to refer to any large economic bubble when asset prices deviate from intrinsic values.
RESPONSE N163 ID5831
The term "tulip mania" is now often used metaphorically to refer to any large economic bubble when asset prices deviate from intrinsic values.
INSTRUCTION N164 ID8702
Why did Rome have so many bad emperors?
CONTEXT N164 ID8702

RESPONSE N164 ID8702
The Roman Empire had many bad emperors for a variety of reasons, including:
Inheritance: Unlike modern democracies, the Roman Empire was an inherited monarchy, meaning that power was passed down through the family. This often led to the appointment of inexperienced or unqualified heirs to the throne.
Political instability: The Roman Empire was plagued by political instability, particularly in the 3rd century AD, when there were frequent changes of leadership and power struggles between rival factions.
Assassinations and coups: Many emperors came to power through assassination or coup, which often resulted in instability and a lack of legitimacy.
Personal flaws: Some emperors were simply bad rulers due to personal flaws such as greed, cruelty, or incompetence.
External pressures: The Roman Empire faced a number of external pressures, including economic crises, military threats, and natural disasters. These challenges often put pressure on emperors to make unpopular decisions or take drastic measures that could harm their reputation.
Overall, the Roman Empire was a complex and challenging political system, and the challenges of maintaining power and stability often resulted in the appointment of less-than-ideal rulers.
INSTRUCTION N165 ID7133
Given the list below, extract the heroes' names, ages, and who voices them, in the format {Hero name} ({age in digits}) - {voiced by name}. Separate them by a newline.
CONTEXT N165 ID7133
Heroes
Hank, the Ranger (voiced by Willie Aames): At 15 years of age, he is the leader of the group. Hank is brave and noble, maintaining a focus and determination even when presented with grave danger. Hank is a Ranger, with a magical energy bow that shoots arrows of glowing energy. These arrows can be used in many different ways such as a climbing tool, to hurt enemies, to bind them, to create light, or to form temporary makeshift cages.
Eric, the Cavalier (voiced by Don Most): The Cavalier, age 15, is the spoiled child, originating from a rich home. On the surface, Eric is a big-mouthed comic relief coward. Eric has a heroic core, and frequently saves his friends from danger with his magical Griffon Shield, which can project a force field. Despite his aloofness and several instances of selfishness, Eric shares the common camaraderie of the group, and occasionally steps to the fore as a substitute leader in Hank's absence.
Diana, the Acrobat (voiced by Tonia Gayle Smith): Diana is a brave, athletic, and outspoken 14-year-old girl. She is an Acrobat who carries the Javelin Staff, which can change size to suit her needs and be easily reconstructed if broken. Diana is also known to provide inspiration, guidance and support for her friends at times of peril or worry.
Presto, the Magician (voiced by Adam Rich): The 14-year-old Wizard of the team. Friendly and fiercely loyal to all in the group, Presto fulfills the role of the well-meaning, diligent magic user whose spells frequently—though not always—either fail or produce unintended results.
Sheila, the Thief (voiced by Katie Leigh): As the Thief, Sheila, aged 13, has the Cloak of Invisibility which makes her invisible when the hood is raised over her head. Although occasionally emotionally vulnerable and with a great fear of being alone in the realm, Sheila regularly utilizes the stealth attributes of her cloak at great peril to herself for the benefit of the common goals of her group.
Bobby, the Barbarian (voiced by Ted Field III): Bobby is the youngest member of the team at nine years old and the younger brother of Sheila. He is the Barbarian, as indicated by his fur pants and boots, horned helmet, and cross belt harness. Brash, brave and selfless but occasionally impulsive, Bobby's personality frequently puts himself and his friends in danger. His weapon saves the protagonists from peril on numerous occasions.
RESPONSE N165 ID7133
Hank (15) - Willie Aames
Eric (15) - Don Most
Diana (14) - Tonia Gayle Smith
Presto (14) - Adam Rich
Sheila (13) - Katie Leigh
Bobby (9) - Ted Field III
INSTRUCTION N166 ID776
tell me whether these are synonyms or antonyms of love: dislike, care, like, hate, affection, harsh
CONTEXT N166 ID776

RESPONSE N166 ID776
Synonyms: care, like, affection
Antonyms: dislike, hate, harsh
INSTRUCTION N167 ID8765
Provide key stats about Venus in a bulleted list including days to orbit the sun, mean temperature, number of moons orbiting the planet, and primary element in its atmosphere
CONTEXT N167 ID8765
Venus is the second planet from the Sun. It is sometimes called Earth's "sister" or "twin" planet as it is almost as large and has a similar composition. As an interior planet to Earth, Venus (like Mercury) appears in Earth's sky never far from the Sun, either as morning star or evening star. Aside from the Sun and Moon, Venus is the brightest natural object in Earth's sky, capable of casting visible shadows on Earth in dark conditions and being visible to the naked eye in broad daylight.
Venus is the second largest terrestrial object of the Solar System. It has a surface gravity slightly lower than on Earth and has a weak induced magnetosphere. The atmosphere of Venus consists mainly of carbon dioxide, and, at the planet’s surface, is the densest and hottest of the atmospheres of the four terrestrial planets. With an atmospheric pressure at the planet's surface of about 92 times the sea level pressure of Earth and a mean temperature of 737 K (464 °C; 867 °F), the carbon dioxide gas at Venus's surface is a supercritical fluid. Venus is shrouded by an opaque layer of highly reflective clouds of sulfuric acid, making it the planet with the highest albedo in the Solar System. It may have had water oceans in the past, but after these evaporated the temperature rose under a runaway greenhouse effect. The possibility of life on Venus has long been a topic of speculation but research has not produced convincing evidence thus far.
Like Mercury, Venus does not have any moons. Solar days on Venus, with a length of 117 Earth days, are just about half as long as its solar year, orbiting the Sun every 224.7 Earth days. This Venusian daylength is a product of it rotating against its orbital motion, halving its full sidereal rotation period of 243 Earth days, the longest of all the Solar System planets. Venus and Uranus are the only planets with such a retrograde rotation, making the Sun move in their skies from their western horizon to their eastern. The orbit of Venus around the Sun is the closest to Earth's orbit, bringing them closer than any other pair of planets. This occurs during inferior conjunction with a synodic period of 1.6 years. However, Mercury is more frequently the closest to each.
RESPONSE N167 ID8765
- 224.7 Earth days to orbit the sun
- Mean temperature of 737 K (464 °C; 867 °F)
- No moons orbit Venus
- Carbon dioxide is the primary element in the atmosphere
INSTRUCTION N168 ID7838
What are some common Indian spices?
CONTEXT N168 ID7838

RESPONSE N168 ID7838
Chilli powder
Turmeric
Cumin
Coriander
Clove
Cinnamon
Turmeric
Fenugreek
Cardamom
INSTRUCTION N169 ID9196
Extract all of the dates mentioned in this paragraph and list them using bullets in the format {Date} - {Description}
CONTEXT N169 ID9196
He was ordained to the priesthood on 14 June 1862, and then taught at the Salesian House of Studies in Turin until 1875. Cagliero led the first ten Salesians to America and established five houses in Uruguay and Argentina between 1875 and 1877, after which he became spiritual director of his society and the first General Director of Daughters of Mary Help of Christians in Turin. He was made Pro-Apostolic Vicar of new vicariate in Northern Patagonia, in Argentina, on 20 November 1883.
RESPONSE N169 ID9196
• 14 June 1862 - When Giovanni Cagliero was ordained to the priesthood
• 1875 - When Giovanni Cagliero finished teaching at the Salesian House of Studies in Turin
• 1875 - When Giovanni Cagliero led the first ten Salesians to America and established five houses in Uruguay and Argentina
• 1877 - When Giovanni Cagliero finished the establishment of five houses in Uruguay and Argentina
• 20 November 1883 - When Giovanni Cagliero was made Pro-Apostolic Vicar of new vicariate in Northern Patagonia, in Argentina
INSTRUCTION N170 ID8129
Tell me whether these are nouns or proper nouns: United States of America, playground, rope, St. Petersburg, Miami, ocean
CONTEXT N170 ID8129

RESPONSE N170 ID8129
United States of America: Proper Noun
Playground: Noun
Rope: Noun
St. Petersburg: Proper Noun
Miami: Proper Noun
Ocean: Noun
INSTRUCTION N171 ID5071
Why is the sky blue?
CONTEXT N171 ID5071

RESPONSE N171 ID5071
All the light in our daytime sky comes from the sun, and our sun produces light in many different colors. To understand this, just think of a prism.  White light enters, and a rainbow of colors exits. Our sun is like that. Its light may seem uniform but it is actually emitting many different colors.
Our sky though is not a mix of blue and red and green because the earth's atmosphere is sandwiched between the sun and us, getting in the way. Atmospheric gases and particles scatter the incoming colors, bouncing them in all different directions.  The amount of scattering increases as the wavelength of light decreases.  Red light which has a long wavelength is scattered much less than blue light which has a short wavelength. As blue is scattered more, it fills our daytime sky.
As the sun traverses the sky and moves low on the horizon, the light that reaches our eyes must actually travel further through the atmosphere.  This has the effect of completely bouncing away all the blue light.  We are left with the reds and yellows and oranges in wonderful mixture, making sunrises and sunsets so beautiful.
INSTRUCTION N172 ID2248
What steps can I take to avoid getting hit by a falling window from a skyscraper while walking about in downtown during high winds?
CONTEXT N172 ID2248

RESPONSE N172 ID2248
Here are some steps you can take to avoid getting hit by falling windows detached from tall building by strong winds from cyclones or tornadoes: 
1. The space area close to a doorway or near windows is most likely to be affected by falling items, and it is best to stay away from buildings, trees and tall electric or telephone poles. Find an open space, far away from these objects and stay low to the ground to reduce your chances of being hit by debris.
2. One of the safest places to avoid getting hit by falling objects is underground in a basement with no windows. Try to find underground spaces in downtown like the lower levels of buildings and malls, or the subway. 
3. If you absolutely need to be outside and close to tall buildings, try to stay alert and keep an eye out for falling debris. 
4. You might think that being inside a car would be a safe option, but vehicles are notoriously dangerous places to be in during high winds because of their susceptibility to being blown over or blown away or for their windows to explode.
INSTRUCTION N173 ID2345
Give me an idea for a country to travel to that is safe, inexpensive and does not fall into the well trodden tourist path?
CONTEXT N173 ID2345

RESPONSE N173 ID2345
One such place is Mongolia. Situated between China and Russia, it is an ideal destination to explore national parks, deserts, and history. Mongolia is the historic home to one of the largest empires to ever conquered the earth. The Mongol empire covered most of Eurasia and had a fierce nomadic culture and modern weaponry. 
As a traveler to Mongolia, you can spend time with today's nomadic tribes, hike through the Khstain Nuruu National Park park while sleeping in luxury tents, marvel at the beauty of Ugil Lake, or Camel ride through the dunes of the Gobi desert. 
You will enjoy Mongolia while feeling safe and awed without breaking the bank.
INSTRUCTION N174 ID9364
How is a grilled cheese sandwich prepared?
CONTEXT N174 ID9364

RESPONSE N174 ID9364
To prepare a grilled cheese sandwich, first select two pieces of standard white sandwich bread and lightly apply butter to the outside of each piece.  Use room temperature butter as it is much easier to spread than cold butter straight from the refrigerator.  Turn on an electric griddle and set the temperature to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.  Place one slice of the bread butter side down on the griddle.  Next place two slices of an easily meltable cheese on top of the bread.  Finally place the remaining piece of bread on top of the cheese with the buttered side facing up.  Periodically use a spatula to lift the sandwich and inspect the bottom surface.  When the surface is toasted to a light golden brown flip the sandwich.  Periodically inspect the bottom surface.  When it has reached a light golden brow, remove the sandwich from the griddle and place it on a plate.
INSTRUCTION N175 ID2061
What is the difference between an electric field and gravitational field?
CONTEXT N175 ID2061
The concept of the electric field was introduced by Michael Faraday. An electric field is created by a charged body in the space that surrounds it, and results in a force exerted on any other charges placed within the field. The electric field acts between two charges in a similar manner to the way that the gravitational field acts between two masses, and like it, extends towards infinity and shows an inverse square relationship with distance. However, there is an important difference. Gravity always acts in attraction, drawing two masses together, while the electric field can result in either attraction or repulsion. Since large bodies such as planets generally carry no net charge, the electric field at a distance is usually zero. Thus gravity is the dominant force at distance in the universe, despite being much weaker.
An electric field generally varies in space and its strength at any one point is defined as the force (per unit charge) that would be felt by a stationary, negligible charge if placed at that point. The conceptual charge, termed a 'test charge', must be vanishingly small to prevent its own electric field disturbing the main field and must also be stationary to prevent the effect of magnetic fields. As the electric field is defined in terms of force, and force is a vector, having both magnitude and direction, so it follows that an electric field is a vector field.
The study of electric fields created by stationary charges is called electrostatics. The field may be visualised by a set of imaginary lines whose direction at any point is the same as that of the field. This concept was introduced by Faraday, whose term 'lines of force' still sometimes sees use. The field lines are the paths that a point positive charge would seek to make as it was forced to move within the field; they are however an imaginary concept with no physical existence, and the field permeates all the intervening space between the lines. Field lines emanating from stationary charges have several key properties: first, that they originate at positive charges and terminate at negative charges; second, that they must enter any good conductor at right angles, and third, that they may never cross nor close in on themselves.
RESPONSE N175 ID2061
The electric field acts between two charges in a similar manner to the way that the gravitational field acts between two masses, and like it, extends towards infinity and shows an inverse square relationship with distance. However, there is an important difference. Gravity always acts in attraction, drawing two masses together, while the electric field can result in either attraction or repulsion.
INSTRUCTION N176 ID8354
Who introduced the concept of the electric field and what is it?
CONTEXT N176 ID8354
The concept of the electric field was introduced by Michael Faraday. An electric field is created by a charged body in the space that surrounds it, and results in a force exerted on any other charges placed within the field. The electric field acts between two charges in a similar manner to the way that the gravitational field acts between two masses, and like it, extends towards infinity and shows an inverse square relationship with distance. However, there is an important difference. Gravity always acts in attraction, drawing two masses together, while the electric field can result in either attraction or repulsion. Since large bodies such as planets generally carry no net charge, the electric field at a distance is usually zero. Thus gravity is the dominant force at distance in the universe, despite being much weaker.
An electric field generally varies in space and its strength at any one point is defined as the force (per unit charge) that would be felt by a stationary, negligible charge if placed at that point. The conceptual charge, termed a 'test charge', must be vanishingly small to prevent its own electric field disturbing the main field and must also be stationary to prevent the effect of magnetic fields. As the electric field is defined in terms of force, and force is a vector, having both magnitude and direction, so it follows that an electric field is a vector field.
The study of electric fields created by stationary charges is called electrostatics. The field may be visualised by a set of imaginary lines whose direction at any point is the same as that of the field. This concept was introduced by Faraday, whose term 'lines of force' still sometimes sees use. The field lines are the paths that a point positive charge would seek to make as it was forced to move within the field; they are however an imaginary concept with no physical existence, and the field permeates all the intervening space between the lines. Field lines emanating from stationary charges have several key properties: first, that they originate at positive charges and terminate at negative charges; second, that they must enter any good conductor at right angles, and third, that they may never cross nor close in on themselves.
RESPONSE N176 ID8354
The concept of the electric field was introduced by Michael Faraday. An electric field is created by a charged body in the space that surrounds it, and results in a force exerted on any other charges placed within the field.
INSTRUCTION N177 ID13466
Linux Second-stage boot loader
CONTEXT N177 ID13466
Second-stage boot loaders, such as GNU GRUB, rEFInd, BOOTMGR, Syslinux, NTLDR or iBoot, are not themselves operating systems, but are able to load an operating system properly and transfer execution to it; the operating system subsequently initializes itself and may load extra device drivers. The second-stage boot loader does not need drivers for its own operation, but may instead use generic storage access methods provided by system firmware such as the BIOS or Open Firmware, though typically with restricted hardware functionality and lower performance.
Many boot loaders can be configured to give the user multiple booting choices. These choices can include different operating systems (for dual or multi-booting from different partitions or drives), different versions of the same operating system (in case a new version has unexpected problems), different operating system loading options (e.g., booting into a rescue or safe mode), and some standalone programs that can function without an operating system, such as memory testers (e.g., memtest86+), a basic shell (as in GNU GRUB), or even games (see List of PC Booter games).Some boot loaders can also load other boot loaders; for example, GRUB loads BOOTMGR instead of loading Windows directly. Usually, a default choice is preselected with a time delay during which a user can press a key to change the choice; after this delay, the default choice is automatically run so normal booting can occur without interaction.
The boot process can be considered complete when the computer is ready to interact with the user, or the operating system is capable of running system programs or application programs.
Many embedded systems must boot immediately. For example, waiting a minute for a digital television or a GPS navigation device to start is generally unacceptable. Therefore, such devices have software systems in ROM or flash memory so the device can begin functioning immediately; little or no loading is necessary, because the loading can be precomputed and stored on the ROM when the device is made.
Large and complex systems may have boot procedures that proceed in multiple phases until finally the operating system and other programs are loaded and ready to execute. Because operating systems are designed as if they never start or stop, a boot loader might load the operating system, configure itself as a mere process within that system, and then irrevocably transfer control to the operating system. The boot loader then terminates normally as any other process would.
RESPONSE N177 ID13466
A two-stage bootloader actually consists of two bootloaders after each other. The first being small with the sole purpose of loading the second one. The second one can then contain all the code needed for loading the kernel. GRUB uses two (or arguably, three) stages.
INSTRUCTION N178 ID7442
What is a clique in graph theory?
CONTEXT N178 ID7442
In the mathematical area of graph theory, a clique is a subset of vertices of an undirected graph such that every two distinct vertices in the clique are adjacent. That is, a clique of a graph  G is an induced subgraph of  G that is complete. Cliques are one of the basic concepts of graph theory and are used in many other mathematical problems and constructions on graphs. Cliques have also been studied in computer science: the task of finding whether there is a clique of a given size in a graph (the clique problem) is NP-complete, but despite this hardness result, many algorithms for finding cliques have been studied.
Although the study of complete subgraphs goes back at least to the graph-theoretic reformulation of Ramsey theory by Erdős & Szekeres (1935), the term clique comes from Luce & Perry (1949), who used complete subgraphs in social networks to model cliques of people; that is, groups of people all of whom know each other. Cliques have many other applications in the sciences and particularly in bioinformatics.
RESPONSE N178 ID7442
In graph theory, a clique is a subset of vertices of an undirected graph such that every two distinct vertices in the clique are adjacent.
INSTRUCTION N179 ID11648
How to make a dated home look modern?
CONTEXT N179 ID11648

RESPONSE N179 ID11648
1) Repaint your walls with a neutral color.
2) Install a peel and stick modern backsplash in your kitchen
3) Use peel and stick vinyl flooring on bathroom
4) Paint your kitchen cabinets lighter color
5) Change hardware on cabinets
6) Install Modern light fixtures
INSTRUCTION N180 ID13293
Write a recipe for making garlic mashed potatoes which goes through step by step.
CONTEXT N180 ID13293

RESPONSE N180 ID13293
1) Wash and peel the potatoes
2) Chop the potatoes into inch size pieces
3) Fill a pot with enough water to cover the potatoes
4) Bring the water to boil
5) Boil until potatoes are soft and fall apart when pressed with a fork
6) Drain potatoes
7) Add cream, butter and crushed garlic to the potatoes
8) Mash the potatoes until creamy, adding cream to reach desired textured
INSTRUCTION N181 ID275
Why isn't multi-threading making my Python code faster? How can I fix it.
CONTEXT N181 ID275

RESPONSE N181 ID275
Python restricts access to the interpreter with a Global Interpreter Lock, referred to as the GIL, for internal thread-safety requirements. Unfortunately, this design decision restricts only allows one thread to interpret Python code at a time, even on a machine with the capability to run multiple threads together. 
If you wish to run Python code on a set of data, and the data can be broken up into independent segments (a process known as data partitioning), you may wish to look into the multiprocessing library in Python. 
As an example, consider the function foo which takes one argument, arg1, and say you wanted to run the foo function on a number of values, say, val1, val2, and val3.
def foo(arg1):
  # do something
if __name__ == '__main__':
  foo(val1)
  foo(val2)
  foo(val3)
To have foo execute on multiple processes together, you could use the multiprocessing Pool  to run multiple worker processes together:
from multiprocessing import Pool
def foo(arg1):
  # do something
if __name__ == '__main__':
  p = Pool()
  p.map(foo, [val1, val2, val3])
The multiprocessing library also provides various other APIs for parallel programming. Would you like to know more?
INSTRUCTION N182 ID11024
What is the difference between racquetball and tennis?
CONTEXT N182 ID11024

RESPONSE N182 ID11024
While racquetball and tennis are similar in that they both involve using a racquet to hit a ball back and forth, there are many differences between racquetball and tennis.
Racquetball is played in an enclosed room where players hit the ball back and forth against the same wall. In tennis, players also hit the ball back and forth but they hit it to each other over a net. In tennis, the ball has a fuzzy outer layer which causes the ball's trajectory to be more influenced by the spin on the ball. The rackets in tennis are larger and have higher tension.
A tennis court is much larger than a racquetball court measuring 78 ft long and 36 ft wide. This width is reduced in tennis to 27 ft for a singles match.
These are just a few of the differences but there are many more: scoring, attire, court markings, etc.
INSTRUCTION N183 ID6453
Please write a haiku
CONTEXT N183 ID6453

RESPONSE N183 ID6453
A Siamese cat
Trotting through the sticks and leaves
Follows his next meal
INSTRUCTION N184 ID1278
What is a rocking chair?
CONTEXT N184 ID1278

RESPONSE N184 ID1278
A rocking chair has two long curved legs rather than four straight legs so that it rocks forward and backward.
INSTRUCTION N185 ID2404
list 7 favourite flavours
CONTEXT N185 ID2404

RESPONSE N185 ID2404
Vanilla
Chocolate
Orange
Strawberry
pineapple
Mango
chocochip
INSTRUCTION N186 ID6080
According to his business card what job did Al Capone do
CONTEXT N186 ID6080

RESPONSE N186 ID6080
Sell second hand
furniture
INSTRUCTION N187 ID2348
What is electrostatics the study of?
CONTEXT N187 ID2348
The concept of the electric field was introduced by Michael Faraday. An electric field is created by a charged body in the space that surrounds it, and results in a force exerted on any other charges placed within the field. The electric field acts between two charges in a similar manner to the way that the gravitational field acts between two masses, and like it, extends towards infinity and shows an inverse square relationship with distance. However, there is an important difference. Gravity always acts in attraction, drawing two masses together, while the electric field can result in either attraction or repulsion. Since large bodies such as planets generally carry no net charge, the electric field at a distance is usually zero. Thus gravity is the dominant force at distance in the universe, despite being much weaker.
An electric field generally varies in space and its strength at any one point is defined as the force (per unit charge) that would be felt by a stationary, negligible charge if placed at that point. The conceptual charge, termed a 'test charge', must be vanishingly small to prevent its own electric field disturbing the main field and must also be stationary to prevent the effect of magnetic fields. As the electric field is defined in terms of force, and force is a vector, having both magnitude and direction, so it follows that an electric field is a vector field.
The study of electric fields created by stationary charges is called electrostatics. The field may be visualised by a set of imaginary lines whose direction at any point is the same as that of the field. This concept was introduced by Faraday, whose term 'lines of force' still sometimes sees use. The field lines are the paths that a point positive charge would seek to make as it was forced to move within the field; they are however an imaginary concept with no physical existence, and the field permeates all the intervening space between the lines. Field lines emanating from stationary charges have several key properties: first, that they originate at positive charges and terminate at negative charges; second, that they must enter any good conductor at right angles, and third, that they may never cross nor close in on themselves.
RESPONSE N187 ID2348
The study of electric fields created by stationary charges is called electrostatics.
INSTRUCTION N188 ID7638
Which of these flowers are annuals vs perennials: Petunias, Verbena, Alyssum, Zinnias, Digitalis Dalmatian, Amsonia, Clementine, Peonies.
CONTEXT N188 ID7638

RESPONSE N188 ID7638
Petunias, Verbena, Alyssum, and Zinnias are annual flowers, they bloom one season and then die. 
Digitalis Dalmatian, Amsonia, Clementine, and Peonies are perennials. They can bloom for many season.
INSTRUCTION N189 ID11123
Which moons of Saturn did Pioneer 11 encounter and image?
CONTEXT N189 ID11123
By this time, Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 had already passed Jupiter and were also en route to Saturn, so it was decided to target Pioneer 11 to pass through the Saturn ring plane at the same position that the soon-to-come Voyager probes would use in order to test the route before the Voyagers arrived. If there were faint ring particles that could damage a probe in that area, mission planners felt it was better to learn about it via Pioneer. Thus, Pioneer 11 was acting as a "pioneer" in a true sense of the word; if danger were detected, then the Voyager probes could be rerouted further away from the rings, but missing the opportunity to visit Uranus and Neptune in the process.
Pioneer 11 imaged and nearly collided with one of Saturn's small moons, passing at a distance of no more than 4,000 kilometers (2,500 mi). The object was tentatively identified as Epimetheus, a moon discovered the previous day from Pioneer's imaging, and suspected from earlier observations by Earth-based telescopes. After the Voyager flybys, it became known that there are two similarly sized moons (Epimetheus and Janus) in the same orbit, so there is some uncertainty about which one was the object of Pioneer's near-miss. Pioneer 11 encountered Janus on September 1, 1979 at 14:52 UTC at a distance of 2500 km and Mimas at 16:20 UTC the same day at 103000 km.
Besides Epimetheus, instruments located another previously undiscovered small moon and an additional ring, charted Saturn's magnetosphere and magnetic field and found its planet-size moon, Titan, to be too cold for life. Hurtling underneath the ring plane, the probe sent back pictures of Saturn's rings. The rings, which normally seem bright when observed from Earth, appeared dark in the Pioneer pictures, and the dark gaps in the rings seen from Earth appeared as bright rings.
RESPONSE N189 ID11123
* Epimetheus
* Janus
* Mimas
* Titan
INSTRUCTION N190 ID14548
How can you get to Dry Tortugas National Park?
CONTEXT N190 ID14548
Dry Tortugas National Park is a national park located about 68 miles (109 km) west of Key West in the Gulf of Mexico, in the United States. The park preserves Fort Jefferson and the seven Dry Tortugas islands, the westernmost and most isolated of the Florida Keys. The archipelago's coral reefs are the least disturbed of the Florida Keys reefs.
Most visitors arrive in Dry Tortugas National Park by either boat or seaplane from Key West. Official ferry and transportation services to the Dry Tortugas include the Yankee Freedom III catamaran, private vessel chartering and seaplane services. Other methods of visiting the Dry Tortugas include chartering of authorized and approved private vessels. There are no road connections to Dry Tortugas, and cars cannot access the islands.
RESPONSE N190 ID14548
Dry Tortugas National Park can be accessed by seaplane or boat. The official ferry service is Yankee Freedom; private boats can also access the island. The islands that make up Dry Tortugas are located near Key West in the Gulf of Mexcio and cannot be accessed by car.
INSTRUCTION N191 ID2050
What are the classical states of matter?
CONTEXT N191 ID2050

RESPONSE N191 ID2050
1. Solid: Matter in a solid state is comprised of particles that are held very closely together. Solids hold a definite shape. 
2. Liquid: Matter is in a mostly non-compressible fluid state. Liquid matter conforms to the shape of its container. 
3. Gas: Matter in a gaseous state is composed of compressible fluids. It may also take the shape of its container, but it will also expand to fill the container.
INSTRUCTION N192 ID7773
how do you smoke a brisket?
CONTEXT N192 ID7773

RESPONSE N192 ID7773
you first need to fire up your smoker, traditionally in texas this would be an offset smoker. You trim your brisket to a quarter inch of fat ontop and make this arrowdynamic. You then season generously with salt and pepper. when your smoker reached a temperature of 250  you insert the brisket. You should burn a clean fire with only hard wood such as oak, beech, post oak, apple, cherry or nut wood. the smoke out of the smoke stack should be blue almost invisible. you then smoke the brisket until it reaches an internal temp of 165 if the exterior is nice and dark, take the brisket wrap it with beef tallow in butchers paper add bac to the smoker and let smoke until reaching an internal temperature of 205. then preheat an oven to 150 and place the brisket in the oven overnight. serve for lunch the day after or after resting for at least 10-12 hours. enjoy
INSTRUCTION N193 ID4706
Determine whether each of the following items is worn on somebody's head or feet: helmet, shoes, sandals, hat, socks, beanie, cleats
CONTEXT N193 ID4706

RESPONSE N193 ID4706
Helmet: Head
Shoes: Feet
Sandals: Feet
Hat: Head
Socks: Feet
Beanie: Head
Cleats: Feet
INSTRUCTION N194 ID355
Which river can you hike in Utah?
CONTEXT N194 ID355
Hiking The Narrows is arguably the quintessential Zion experience. The Narrows can be hiked either as a top-down through-hike from Chamberlain Ranch to the Temple of Sinawava, or as an up-and-back bottom-up hike from the Temple of Sinawava. Hiking is done largely in the river as, for a third of the route, the river runs canyon wall to canyon wall. Water levels change from season to season; most hikers will wade at least waist-deep and many will swim a few short sections. 
The Narrows is the narrowest section of Zion Canyon in Zion National Park, Utah, United States.
RESPONSE N194 ID355
The Narrows at Zion National Park
INSTRUCTION N195 ID12881
Extract all the weights and measures from the text
CONTEXT N195 ID12881
The Island Packet 27 is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with teak wood trim and a teak and holly cabin sole. It is a Cutter-rigged sloop; with a spooned raked stem; a vertical transom; a rudder mounted to the keel, controlled by a wheel and a fixed long keel or optional long keel and centerboard. It displaces 8,000 lb (3,629 kg) and carries 3,000 lb (1,361 kg) of ballast.
The keel-equipped version of the boat has a draft of 3.70 ft (1.13 m), while the centerboard-equipped version has a draft of 6.0 ft (1.8 m) with the centerboard extended and 2.67 ft (0.81 m) with it retracted.
The boat is fitted with a Japanese Yanmar diesel engine of 18 hp (13 kW). The fuel tank holds 19 U.S. gallons (72 L; 16 imp gal) and the fresh water tank has a capacity of 31 U.S. gallons (120 L; 26 imp gal).
The mainsheet traveler is on the rear taffrail. The cockpit features two jib winches and two halyard winches. The cockpit has room for eight adults and includes an icebox. There is a bowsprit with an anchor roller.
The galley is located on the port side of the boat and includes a two-burner alcohol-fired stove and optional pressure water supply. The head is located just aft of the forward "V"-berth, on the starboard side. Additional sleeping accommodation is provided by a cabin settee, which converts to a double berth, plus a single berth to port. The cabin table folds up against the bulkhead.
Cabin ventilation consists of six opening ports and a forward hatch.
RESPONSE N195 ID12881
8000 lb / 3629 kg
3000 lb / 1361 kg
3.70 ft / 1.13 m
6.0 ft / 1.8 m
2.67 ft / 0.81m
18 hp / 13 kW
19 US gallons / 72 L / 16 imp gal
31 US gallons / 120 L / 26 imp gal
INSTRUCTION N196 ID8344
given this reference text about 1891 Cypriot legislative election, What caused the non-Muslim seats to drop in 1886 to 10,030?
CONTEXT N196 ID8344
The Legislative Council consisted of six official members appointed by the High Commissioner and twelve elected members, three of which were Muslims and nine of which were non-Muslims.
The island was divided into three constituencies, each formed of two districts. Each constituency elected one Muslim and three non-Muslims. Muslim voters had one vote, whilst non-Muslims could vote for up to three candidates. Due to the high levels of illiteracy, voting was not secret, with voters required to tell the polling officers their candidates of choice, often in front of agents of the candidates.
Suffrage was limited to men aged over 21 who had been permanent residents during the five years prior to the elections, and who had paid either the verghi tax (which was levied as an annual payment of one four-thousandth of a property's value, 4% of rental income or 3% on profits or salaries) or rent for a dwelling or shop within the last year. However, of the estimated 40,000 taxpayers in the territory at the time of the elections, only those that had been able to pay their taxes on time were able to register to vote. The number of registered voters for the non-Muslim seats dropped from 15,408 in 1886 to 10,030.
RESPONSE N196 ID8344
Due to the requirement of paying your taxes on time in the previous year to be able to register to vote, the number of voters that were non-Muslim dropped.
INSTRUCTION N197 ID9506
What is the recipe to make non-spicy Awadhi chicken biryani?
CONTEXT N197 ID9506

RESPONSE N197 ID9506
2 lb bone-in chicken
2½ cups basmati rice, washed, rinsed, and soaked in water, for 30 minutes
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 bay leaves
4 cloves
4 green cardamom pods
2 black cardamom pods
10 black peppercorns
1" stick cinnamon
½ cup yogurt, beaten
½ cup red onion, sliced
2 teaspoon garlic paste
2 teaspoon ginger paste
salt, to taste
½ tsp red chili powder or to taste
½ cup red onion sliced and fried
1 teaspoon garam masala powder
Orange good color - a pinch
1 chicken bouillon cube (optional)
Prepare chicken
Heat oil in a heavy bottomed pot. To this, add 1 bay leaf, 2 cloves, 2 green cardamom pods, 1 black cardamom, peppercorns and 1/4" cinnamon. Sauté until fragrant. Next, add onion slices and fry on medium heat until onions turn golden brown.
Add garlic and ginger paste. Fry until the raw smell goes off.Add chicken and mix well. Add chilli powder, ½ tsp garam masala powder and yogurt. Mix well. Cover and cook on medium-low flame until chicken is cooked through. Add little water if needed to cook. However at the end, any remaining gravy should be evaporated.
Prepare rice
Add 10 cups of water to a large deep heavy bottomed pot. Add 2 tsp salt, 1 bay leaf, 2 cloves, 2 green cardamom pods, 1 black cardamom, and 1/4" cinnamon to the water. At this time,  you can also add the bouillon. Once the water is boiling, add soaked rice and gently stir to combine. Cook on medium high heat until the rice is cooked 90% through, stirring gently. Drain the rice and keep aside
Layer chicken and rice 
In the pot that you boiled the rice in, add 1/8 cup water. Take 1/3 cooked rice and spread a layer evenly. Then put a layer of 1/2 chicken. Generously sprinkle fried onions, oil, pinch of garam masala powder. Then repeat the rice and chicken layers alternating. The last layer should be rice on top. Add some oil and garam masala powder and fried onions on the top layer. Sprinkle orange food color. Close the lid and put on high heat until the water at the bottom of the pot starts steaming through. Then put the heat on low and cover the lid. Let it steam through for 15-20 min. Gently mix b folding over the chicken and rice layers. Biryani is ready!
Serve with cucumber "raita"
INSTRUCTION N198 ID2414
From the passage provided, extract the country which hosted the 2022 world cup.
CONTEXT N198 ID2414
The FIFA World Cup, often simply called the World Cup, is an international association football competition contested by the senior men's national teams of the members of the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. The tournament has been held every four years since the inaugural tournament in 1930, except in 1942 and 1946 when it was not held because of the Second World War. The reigning champions are Argentina, who won their third title at the 2022 tournament.
The format involves a qualification phase, which takes place over the preceding three years, to determine which teams qualify for the tournament phase. In the tournament phase, 32 teams compete for the title at venues within the host nation(s) over about a month. The host nation(s) automatically qualify to the group stage of the tournament. The FIFA World Cup has been scheduled to expand to 48 teams for the 2026 tournament.
As of the 2022 FIFA World Cup, 22 final tournaments have been held and a total of 80 national teams have competed. The trophy has been won by eight national teams. Brazil, with five wins, are the only team to have played in every tournament. The other World Cup winners are Germany and Italy, with four titles each; Argentina, with three titles; France and inaugural winner Uruguay, each with two titles; and England and Spain, with one title each.
The World Cup is the most prestigious association football tournament in the world, as well as the most widely viewed and followed single sporting event in the world. The viewership of the 2018 World Cup was estimated to be 3.57 billion (close to half of the global population), while the engagement with 2022 World Cup was estimated to be around 5 billion with close to 1.5 billion people watching the final match.
Seventeen countries have hosted the World Cup, most recently Qatar, who hosted the 2022 edition. The 2026 tournament will be jointly hosted by Canada, the United States and Mexico, which will give Mexico the distinction of being the first country to host games in three World Cups.
RESPONSE N198 ID2414
Qatar hosted 2022 FIFA World Cup
INSTRUCTION N199 ID10206
How to manage a high performance team?
CONTEXT N199 ID10206

RESPONSE N199 ID10206
Create a supportive environment
Encourage innovation
Acknowledge and learn from conflict
Assign specific tasks
Create incentives
Foster independence
